///////////////////WEDDING AFTERPARTY////////////////

As our vows end and Camilla casts the binding contract, she finally blows her nose through her sobbing.
"Wah! My baby boy, my little hellion got married! I don't know what to do with myself I--" Lance gives her a hug and pats her back.
"Yes yes, I know, you put your blood sweat and tears into making sure I had a childhood." Lance keeps on patting her back as he waves me off to deal with the party.
Everyone has accepted that we get our own time together, I stay with the two of them and put my hand on Lance's.
Camilla turns and looks up at Lance as she pats his hand, "My sweet hellion, the baby boy who burned all of my shoes."
Lance starts to chuckle, "I thought you forgave me for those!"
The tears start to well up in her eyes as she smiles and looks at me, "@, Lance told me that he doesn't feel like a wanderer in his own skin and I--"
She wipes a tear, "I don't think you quite understand the depth of that phrase."
Camilla gently grabs my hand as she swats at Lance's back, "Go on, go enjoy your last day of singularity. @ and I get to talk about you."
I nod and wave Lance off as he gets carted off by First Slash members, "Hey! Don't tell @ about that one thing! You KNOW WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT~!"
I start to giggle as Camilla and I walk to a calm area.
"Lance told you I'm his mentor, sure, but I was never inclined to have children of my own. It scares me, to open myself up to someone."
Her thoughts trail off as she looks up at the stars, "Yet I instilled the idea that he needed to find something to ground him."
"I always felt like I was making mistakes left and right for the way I raised him."
"He would come back with Magnus from battles and my duties as a barrier mage forced me to stay at the back lines."
"Hellions like him burn bright and fast, and I--" I see the tears well up in her eyes.
"I was afraid that someone who's soul that shined so brightly would be left as a lone wanderer his whole life."
My eyes shoot down to the ground where the tide has started to come up.
Camilla places her hand upon mine, "Do not think you're not worthy, that isn't what I meant to instill by talking to you."
I look up at her as she looks at me with a warm and loving glow, "I'm really glad he has you, @."
I feel the tears well up in my eyes as I've managed to keep it in the whole day.
Camilla stands up and lets me stain her dress with my tears, "I know it was such short notice, but he tried his best to accomodate for you if you felt lonely."
"I know that your parent couldn't make it. But we've sent at least a thousand pictures to show just how much we care."
Loneliness.
That's what it was.
I would wake to an empty, large farmhouse.
My animals were sort of a comfort, but I felt my sanity slipping when I would talk about mundane daily things to them.
I thought I could burn the feeling of loneliness by making friends with all of the townspeople.
It only made coming to an empty farmhouse all that much more painful.
I was chasing Lance because we would wake in the same bed, he would caress my face and whisper sweet nothings to me.
He didn't have anyone he pined over.
It felt nice to be the one person receiving his affections that he noticably only gave to me.
I felt slightly guilty that I persued him with that mindset, but Camilla's persistent and warm touch calmed my mind.
"You're allowed to feel lonely, I was warned of your maelstrom the moment you decided to move to Pelican Town."
"The Ministry told me to keep an eye on you like a hawk for your fate was stronger than anything they had ever seen before."
"I do not have foresight like Razzy or Welwick, but I too, felt the pull of your fate."
Camilla cusps my face in her hands as she chants a spell and blesses my forehead.
"May you enjoy this time that you're granted with Lance."
"Now go, enjoy your party, I'm going to sit here and enjoy my son's elation."
She lifted me out of my seat and patted my back to send me off.
\\\COPY THE 'SKIP' FEATURE FROM OCEAN OF STARLIGHT TO WANDER AND TALK WITH EVERYONE MAYBE?\\\
\everyone's comments about being married to a wizard that isn't magnus\
\first slash making jokes that lance is finally settling down and they expect to see rugrats soon\
\jolyne is audibly laughing at lance and his misfortunes with crops\
\lance wanders over to me and gently takes my hand in his\
Lance leans over and kisses my wedding ring, "Forsaking all others, until death do us part."
I blush as I didn't realize I was letting my emotions show on my face.
He chuckles lowly to himself, "You can always reach for my hand if you're feeling lonely. I will always listen."
The party winds down as everyone is given a warp totem back to town.
Camilla and Magnus are the last ones to leave as the three of them make cleaning up easier.
////SVE MAGNUS////
Camilla is making jabs at Magnus as I hear their banter, "Oh come off it Razzy! He's like your son too! At least go over and say something!"
She finally hit him a little too hard on the shoulder, his voice roars, "Camilla! With someone of your stature you would think that you could preserve some dignity!"
She pushes him and makes faces at him as he marches onwards towards us, "Lance."
Lance is startled as he was finishing up putting away decorations, "Huh? Yeah Mag?"
Magnus shuffles between his robes as he pulls out a package, "A gift. For both of you."
Lance looks puzzled as he thanks Magnus and takes the package, Magnus immediately shuffles back towards Camilla's side as she laughs audibly at him.
We look at each other and start laughing amongst ourselves, "What an awkward old man."
Lance hands me my part of the package and it is a silk robe in the color of a deep crimson.
He opens his and it's the same color.
"Huh. To think he would use those materials like this."
'What is this?'
"You know that initial mission that Marlon asked me for in the beginning?"
'The one that brought you to the valley, and you kept to secrecy, yeah?'
"Yeah, well, it had something to do with the rampaging strength of some monsters. I happened to slay an extremely formidable one and I handed Magnus the parts."
"I didn't think he would use them in this way."
'What do these do?'
"Well yours has a temperature regulation enchantment."
"Mine is more... complicated? It's basically like another weapon."
He chuckles to himself as he finishes up his cleaning and we make our way towards Camilla and Magnus.
"Well it's about time my little lovebirds decide to take roost."
Camilla slaps Magnus' back and starts laughing as we share stories of Lance's childhood.
"You at least have to tell @ of the time you thought Magnus' hair was candy!"
"Please! Cam! No!"
"Ah yes, I remember that day, I mistakenly cave you cave candy and then you proceeded to take bites out of my beard."
"PLEASE! SPARE ME!"
We all finish our conversation through laughter as Lance and I are the last ones on the beach.
\\\Would you like to stay for a little bit longer, my love?\\\
\yes
He guides me back to the shore as we take off our shoes and bask in the warm ocean water.
The lunaloo start to come out and shine amongst the sea as we sit in silence for a few minutes.
The quiet is calm, I feel immersed in its calm like I've finally reached the eye of the storm.
I lean my head up and take a deep breath.
When I finally look back down, Lance is staring straight at me.
I feel embarrassed and ask how long he's been staring.
"The entire time. The way you breathe and the way your hair moves against your ears make your face glow."
"The lunaloos make for great mood lighting against your lovely features."
He lightly brushes my cheek and lowly chuckles, "I feel my soul calming down just looking at you."
My whole body feels flushed as I hold my hands up to my face.
Lance leans over and pushes me into the sand.
We laid there for another few minutes, the lunaloo glow getting brighter as Lance has both of my hands against the sand.
I don't care much for the sand in my hair, it can be handled.
The look in his eyes as he studies my features make me look towards the ocean.
"You are the most beautiful thing I have ever experienced in my life."
Those words shocked me as I immediately look his way.
He laughs, "What have I ever done in my life to be blessed to be with you?"
\\\BELL PEPPER END\\\
He leans down and kisses me, I close my eyes and enjoy the glow of the moment.
"We're alone."
Inbetween breaths I ask, 'And?'
"And I want my husband^wife."
We engage in our first night together and wake to a dawn on the beach.
\\\HABANERO END \\\
He leans down and kisses me, I close my eyes and enjoy the glow of the moment.
"We're alone."
Inbetween breaths I ask, 'And?'
"And I want my husband^wife."
He lifts me up from the sand as I giggle, sand is everywhere.
He chants a quick spell and all the sand drops from us like water.
'What was that?'
"Gravity spell."
'Cool.'
He kisses me before I get another word in, he waltzes into the First Slash hall where his bed is.
He finesses the fancy clasps on his uniform and stares me down, his eyes are dark and hungry.
"I know I had a taste in this same bed, but something about you being my husband^wife feels different."
He walks over to the bed and leans over me as I can hear his deep breathing.
His fingers trail down my garb as he undoes every button and lace in a sweet manner.
"Oh?"
I had decided to wear a gift, a garter belt that I was given by Sophia.
"Oh what a nice surprise."
He lifts my leg up and bites where the garter sits on my right leg.
It sends chills through my spine as I rest my hand on his head.
"Oh and I like that look."
We indulge as I say his name until my voice becomes hoarse, and we wake to a dawn on the beach.
\\\ CAROLINA REAPER END \\\
carolina cont.
It sends chills through my spine as I rest my hand on his head.
"Oh and I like that look."
He moves aside my underwear and starts to lick.
It feels like lightning up my core as I call his name repeatedly.
"Yes, my love, I will not go anywhere."
His eyes start to glow as he finally sits up and positions himself to enter me.
"To our first night." He mimics holding up a champagne glass as I giggle and mimic him, we 'cheers' as he enters immediately after.
I audibly gasp and scream his name.
He chuckles as I squirm, "Still as wonderful as that first night."
He leans over and starts to pant in my ear as he bites on my neck.
"I wish to leave my marks on you as you have done to my soul."
With each word and punctuation he thrusts and it feels like it's driving me insane.
"The wasteland of my soul feels lush, full of greenery, your love is the overwhelming force of nature."
He kisses me deeply and thrusts deeper.
"If there is a way to stain you as you have crept into my soul, I wish to find it."
He grabs my hips for a higher position as I say he might have found it already.
As he laughs to himself he sighs, "I wish to feel your every breath, your every emotion, to see what your love feels like about me."
He grips harder.
"I wish for you to know just how enamored I am with you."
We lay in a haze together as he wipes the sweat from my brow.
"I hope to see you someday standing by my side as we wander the streets of Ferngill."
'The Magic Ministry?'
"Yes, it is a beautiful place, but there are certain requirements you'd have to have."
'What's that?'
"I'll tell you at a later time, my love."
He takes my warm body and we cuddle tightly in the small bed, I'm left with questions but it feels nice.



///////////////////SPRING////////////////

/////////first slash//////////

Lance invites me to the First Slash Guild Hall as they're celebrating an overwhelming amount of Butterfish culling.
Even though Lance doesn't enjoy Butterfish, he'll at least support his clan and at least there will be plenty of other cuisines.
It's a potluck, I asked if I should bring anything but Lance waves away my concerns as he tells me that First Slash already considers me as one of their own, even if honorary.
We head out and use the Wizard's teleport, we're greeted by Jolyne who is covered in sweat from getting the cooking gear ready.
Large vats of food are encircling something that resembles a cauldron and Lance audibly groans.
"Jolyne I told you I hate doing that show."
Jolyne laughs as she slaps Lance on the back, "Well that's too damn bad, Lancey."
I ask him what he means by 'show'.
"They like to tout around that I'm a glorified gilded war hero, so they like it when I show off my combined magic."
I clap my hands together and look at him in excitement.
As he closes his eyes and sighs, he gives in to my whims.
"I guess it's alright since I don't mind putting on a show for you."
I clap excitedly, I definitely can't wait to see this show!

All of First Slash sits around the cauldron in a safe distance with plates in our laps, ready to see the show.
The torches have all been dimmed with magic as Lance amplifies his voice through magic.
"They say that the Skull Caverns are the ruins of the Golden City, cast asunder by a lone Wizard."
He waves his hands back and forth as shadows appear with the cauldron's smoke.
"How far has anyone delved, do they understand the sleeping beast that lies beneath?"
As he throws something into the cauldron, a large puff of red smoke appears.
"Imagine, the combined force of a thousand Apophis'. What kind of terror a beast of such nature would cause."
Lance casts magic as he uses the smoke to create a figure of a hydra-fied Apophis. It was extremely terrifying!
As he closes out his story and my food is nearly done, he finishes off the story with a lighthearted note.
"Let it be known! The Witch of Castle City is the TRUE monster!"
Green smoke appears as a stock-standard witch cackle booms through the island.
The crowd starts laughing and cheering.
'You definitely hammed it up for your wifey!'
'What a total ham!'
Lance waves to his adoring fans as he laughs and sits next to me.
"Well, how did you like my 'show'?"
It was great! // Absolutely hilarious! // Camilla would definitely kill you for that last jab!
---great
"Well thank you! At least someone appreciates the hard work I do for these fools."
---absolutely hilarious
"A standing ovation is what I aim for, my dear. I do only aim to please you, though."
---Camilla
"Oh but she knows I take jabs at her whenever possible, it's only fair when she berated me the first century she was my mentor.

----
Winding down

---BELL PEPPER
Going home, we interlock fingers and Lance warps us directly back to the farmhouse.
We have a quick kiss before heading in for the night.

---HABANERO
Lance whisks me off my feet and enters the house with an announcement.
"I'm home, my lovely husband!^I'm home, my lovely wife!"
"We're home, house!"
I laugh as he starts to twirl in the foyer.
He rests me upon the bed as he quietly but quickly disrobes me.
I stop laughing and it turns to short giggles and soft moans.
"I would like my reward for my marvelous show, my love."
I reward Lance to my heart's content.

---CAROLINA REAPER
Lance whisks me off my feet and enters the house with an announcement.
"I'm home, my lovely husband!^I'm home, my lovely wife!"
"We're home, house!"
I laugh as he starts to twirl in the foyer.
He rests me upon the bed as he quietly but quickly disrobes me.
I stop laughing and it turns to short giggles and soft moans.
"I would like my reward for my marvelous show, my love."
We indulge in each other's heat as he makes me beg for more of him.
I find myself grasping for his touch as he slides his hand to grab mine.
He looks down at me with darkened eyes and begins to search my mouth with his.
It's mind numbing, like his magic is slowly deteriorating my brain cells to think properly.
My hands are pinned as he artfully pistons himself into me.
I can't help but to flail my legs as he presses my arms deeper into the bed.
Like the sound of clash cymbals, my ears start ringing as we reach the peak of our heat together.
I breathlessly say his name as he gags me with his tongue.
"Sorry, don't speak, I feel like my magic will leak through my pores if you say anything."
I wanted to question him but I also didn't understand what he meant by it.
He breathes out deeply and smoke comes out of his mouth.
"Okay, you can ask your questions now."
'What was that?' // 'Actual smoke?!' // 'I didn't know you smoked cigarettes.'
---what
"The overwhelming heat and energy coming off of you from me trying to reorganize your meridians while we're together is a double edged sword. While it's not actually dangerous or harmful to me, your body still wishes to reject me with every fiber of its being since you are your own person, and I mine. But it understands that there needs to be structure in the chaos, but not without a fight.
I didn't know Lance was actually taking our affectionate sessions as a recircuiting!
"I can only do it for a few moments at a time, but yes, I was deathly serious about wanting to be with you forever." He laughs as he kisses me on the forehead.
---actual
"Yes. Magnus taught me how to seek through your meridians and circuits and how I should actually properly rearrange them to ensure the Ministry won't cause any problems when you're set free."
I ask what he means by being 'set free'.
"Ah, well, the Ministry put a century long 'waitlist' so to speak, on you, due to the sheer strength and force of your fate. They told me about it when I applied for our marriage license."
I ask him why a century.
He pauses and contemplates the answer, "Well... Truthfully, it's because all of these fate lines are connected to the townspeople, the Ministry, uh, assumes that the entire town will be repopulated by an entirely different subset of people by then."
He looks away in shame as I caress his face.
But at least we'll be together, right?
He looks back at me with a glimmer in his eyes as he kisses me.
"Of course, of course, we'll always be together, my love."
We get ourselves cleaned up and snuggle under the covers.
"Now, let's head to bed, I'm utterly exhausted. I love you @."
"I love you too."

---PEPPER X
Lance whisks me off my feet and enters the house with an announcement.
"I'm home, my lovely husband!^I'm home, my lovely wife!"
"We're home, house!"
I laugh as he starts to twirl in the foyer.
He rests me upon the bed as he quietly but quickly disrobes me.
I stop laughing and it turns to short giggles and soft moans.
"I would like my reward for my marvelous show, my love."
We indulge in each other's heat as he makes me beg for more of him.
I find myself grasping for his touch as he slides his hand to grab mine.
He looks down at me with darkened eyes and begins to search my mouth with his.
It's mind numbing, like his magic is slowly deteriorating my brain cells to think properly.
My hands are pinned as he artfully pistons himself into me.
I can't help but to flail my legs as he presses my arms deeper into the bed.
Like the sound of clash cymbals, my ears start ringing as we reach the peak of our heat together.
I breathlessly say his name as he gags me with his tongue.
"Sorry, don't speak, I feel like my magic will leak through my pores if you say anything."
I wanted to question him but I also didn't understand what he meant by it.
He breathes out deeply and smoke comes out of his mouth.
"Okay, you can ask your questions now."
'What was that?' // 'Actual smoke?!' // 'I didn't know you smoked cigarettes.'
---what
"The overwhelming heat and energy coming off of you from me trying to reorganize your meridians while we're together is a double edged sword. While it's not actually dangerous or harmful to me, your body still wishes to reject me with every fiber of its being since you are your own person, and I mine. But it understands that there needs to be structure in the chaos, but not without a fight.
I didn't know Lance was actually taking our affectionate sessions as a recircuiting!
"I can only do it for a few moments at a time, but yes, I was deathly serious about wanting to be with you forever." He laughs as he kisses me on the forehead.
---actual
"Yes. Magnus taught me how to seek through your meridians and circuits and how I should actually properly rearrange them to ensure the Ministry won't cause any problems when you're set free."
I ask what he means by being 'set free'.
"Ah, well, the Ministry put a century long 'waitlist' so to speak, on you, due to the sheer strength and force of your fate. They told me about it when I applied for our marriage license."
I ask him why a century.
He pauses and contemplates the answer, "Well... Truthfully, it's because all of these fate lines are connected to the townspeople, the Ministry, uh, assumes that the entire town will be repopulated by an entirely different subset of people by then."
He looks away in shame as I caress his face.
But at least we'll be together, right?
He looks back at me with a glimmer in his eyes as he kisses me.
"Of course, of course, we'll always be together, my love."
I feel my heart thrum with magic as Lance swells.
"Sorry, it seems like another round is upon us."
I laugh as I pull him in for a kiss.
He slowly begins moving his hips in a rhythmic manner to make sure I'm not chafed.
Light kisses pepper my forehead, eyes, nose, cheeks, ears, and finally my lips.
I giggle as he goes in for a deeper kiss after the last one.
His hands move underneath me as he positions himself upright with my legs resting on his shoulders.
For a second round, you wouldn't expect he had this much vigour!
With a pitched fever, he starts wildly picking up the pace, swinging back and forth between a frenzied grind and a methodical pitch.
I can't help but scream his name over and over as we finally hit the second finale.
He leaves me with a warmth as he rubs the sides of my pelvis in circles.
"Children... are my weakness..."
That thought sends my entire body ablaze as I cover my face with my arms.
Lance laughs as he moves my arms away from my face, "Let me see your embarrassed face, my love."
I look at him with lidded eyes and a face filled with blood, he gives me a deep kiss.
"Let's go get cleaned up."
He groans as he helps himself off the bed and carries me bridal style to the bathroom.
We clean ourselves up and position ourselves back into the bed, cuddling tightly.
"Goodnight, my love."
"Goodnight, Lance."

///////////monster hunting//////////
/////pelican mines/////

Lance interrupts me on my way out to start my chores.
"My love, I've been given word that Marlon has a quest to clear out the lowest end of the Pelican Mines. I wanted to know if you would like to come with me?"
I agree, as we make our way towards the mines, I ask him what has happened.
"Something about how the monsters have been highly irritable and aggressive, some are seen even escaping out the front."
Strange indeed, I ask him if he's ever seen the bottom.
He chuckles, "You jest, I was the one who helped Marlon map out the mines, along with Magnus of course but that's another thing."
I ask him why he and Magnus have such a hard time with each other.
"Well, you put three strong mages of the era within such close proximity to each other, and you're bound to clash."
He sighs, "We're just generationally different, he has always called me a fiery warmonger."
Lance kicks a rock a little too hard to the side.
"I didn't ask to be put on the front lines for the Elemental Wars. He didn't either, but just because my magic is more martially inclined, doesn't mean we're better than one another."
He starts to rub his temple as he grumbles to himself.
"Of course, the Ministry thinks he's above almost everyone because planes practitioners are rarer than someone who's fate is so strongly wound like yours."
Lance starts to rub my wedding ring with his thumb as he quietly looks down.
"Sometimes I wonder, in another timeline, in another life, were we supposed to be together?"
The words felt painful for some reason.
"Not to say I'm not happy right now, but with how strong Magnus is, how close in proximity he is to you, and how you're incredibly strong yourself... I just..."
I assure Lance that I wanted him and that's the reason why I married him.
A heavy blush comes across his face as he makes eye contact with me and immediately looks away.
[SOULBOUND BRANCH]
"I just feel like I stole something out from under someone's nose when I think about you, how we met, and how ... And how I was."
I question what he meant by 'how he was'.
"Well I wasn't exactly someone who seemed stable, did I?"
I started to laugh as he nervously played with my ring some more.
"I... I felt the strong urge as soon as we met in my core that I wanted you."
Lance looks me in the eye as he stops his circling motions with his fingers.
'I'm glad you pursued me so strongly.'
"You pursued me just as strongly! Who helps Marlon fix a boat just to see a shut-in like me in the mountains?!"
We both start to laugh as we finally reach our destination.
"Well I hope you're ready, my love. Of course I'm prepared for the worst, but I always want to make sure you make it first."
I nod and we proceed forward.
FIGHTING MONTAGE
As we finally reach the 120th floor, it is empty.
Not a soul is around in the cavern as I descend from the ladder and Lance is panting.
'Did something happen?'
"There was just one last enemy, which is strange because Magnus even prioritizes the very last floor with his barrier."
'What kind of enemy was it?'
"A serpent of all things."
'Was it similar to the ones in Galdora?'
"Thankfully, no, we've only seen those mutants in Galdora."
Lance puts away his heavier weaponry and pulls out his knives.
"We can take a look around, if anything happens, I can always warp us out with my own magic."
I lace my fingers with his as we proceed surveillance on the floor.
Nothing seems out of place, the usual shrine that I know of wasn't there, however.
'Do you know of the shrine that sits here?'
"There's a shrine here?"
I immediately looked at Lance and stopped.
'Are you kidding?'
"Pardon? Why would I kid about a strange object at the bottom of the mines?"
'Have you never seen a shrine down here? At all? Whatsoever?'
"Love, I don't know why you're freaking out, but I definitely have not seen a shrine down here."
I start to bite my nails as I feel a strange pang of nervousness wash over me.
'Lance we should probably leave right now--'
Before I can finish saying anything, a deep shadow looms over Lance.
'LANCE!!'
He quickly turns around and throws his knife in the direction I frantically pointed at.
It hisses as it looks like a baby void serpent.
Lance immediately rushes towards it and finishes it off.
As he's panting and securing whatever the monster is, I cautiously walk towards him.
"Stay over there!"
I stop dead in my tracks and ask what's wrong.
"Your return scepter! Use it!"
I ask him to leave first.
"I can't. I need you to get help."
A fit of fear overwhelms me as I shakily ask what's wrong.
"I don't know what this thing was, but I'm bound in this spot, I've already casted an anti-enmity spell around myself but I cannot reach you with it."
I ask if he's injured.
"My love, please, we don't have much time."
I run back towards our gear as I grab the return scepter and throw his items to him.
'I promise I'll be back as fast as I can!!'
I can hear his chuckle as it fades into nothingness after the whirr of my return scepter passes.
There's no time, no time, no time.
The only words ringing in my ears as I use my Nexus to run to Magnus' tower.
Magnus is in the middle of something as I barely manage to stammer out that the mines are dangerous and Lance is at the bottom.
"Please, calm yourself. He is at the bottom of the mines? Why is he still there?"
I take a few breaths as I say that he was bound by something that looked like a baby void serpent.
Magnus immediately looks electrified, "We must go now. I do not have to worry for him, we're going to warp straight to him."
He takes my hand as we warp, my vision comes back and Lance is still in the same position, but hunched over.
I start running.
Something blocks my hands as I'm about to embrace him.
"@! Do not be reckless!"
Magnus calls to me that he casted a barrier around Lance.
"My... love... do not worry about me... this thing just feels like... it's eating my energy..."
I start to scream at Magnus that the bind is eating away at Lance's energy.
Magnus has caught up and is finally assessing what is going on.
"Hm, I cannot tell at what rate your energies are being drained, can you describe it?" Magnus starts to press down on the barrier.
"It feels like the time we fought bandits and they wrapped us in that magical net." Lance breathily replies.
"Ah? I thought the Ministry took it upon themselves to deeply research that thing. That's curious indeed, I wonder if someone got their hands on that artifact."
As they converse with each other, I'm on my knees in front of Lance with my hands pressed against the barrier.
"Young one, do not interfere with my barrier."
I look up and send a death glare to Magnus.
"Ahem. I mean it with the utmost sincerity, but Lance isn't a weak mage by any standards."
"My... love, please, can I just have you look at me?"
I comply and sit in front of him with the barrier between us.
Magnus is swiftly chanting as I see more and more runic letters floating around Lance.
Lance is finally breathing lighter as he closes his eyes for longer than I'm comfortable with.
'Lance?'
"H.. huh? Sorry, sorry, I'm here. Magnus how is it going? I'm feeling roughly around thirty percent."
"Thirty is quite fast. Are you sure it is not you that's the one that's losing his touch?"
"I appreciate the banter, but jokes aside, I don't think my husband^wife appreciates it right now."
I shoot Magnus another death glare as he clears his throat.
"Y'know, Mag, you could just release the barrier and let this chaotic firecracker fill my energy back up."
"We don't know what will happen to that thing in your hands if we release even more energy into it."
I look down and notice that the monster is still squirming under Lance's knife.
'Please, is there anything I can do to help?'
"If you would both be silent so that I can access what exactly is going on with Lance's body, it would be of your utmost important duty."
I slide my hands on the barrier and stare at Lance through its gold hues.
"Roughly fifteen, now, Ma--"
Lance goes limp and I start banging on the barrier.
'Release the barrier right now, Magnus!'
"I cannot do that, young one."
'You're just going to let Lance die?!'
"He will not die from this, you can feel his lifeforce yourself if you control yourself."
I grip my wedding ring with my other hand as I plant myself back onto the ground and start chanting the way that Lance taught me.
It's quite dim but Magnus is right, Lance is only in a state of stasis.
The monster is slowly losing its vigour to move.
It cries out as loud as it possibly can and it breaks my concentration.
I look as it looks like it's trying to reach for something as it eeks out the last bit of its energy before finally dying.
Magnus drops the barrier and grabs the creature. I rush and grab Lance.
I start to circulate my mana into him.
I start listening and he's stopped breathing.
I lay him down gently and I start CPR.
Trying to circulate my mana while doing CPR is putting my brain into overdrive.
Magnus relieves the pressure from my lack of experience with his own healing magic.
We both circulate in time as Lance finally takes his breaths and sighs.
"C..cutting.. it.. a.. little.. close.. there.. Mag."
"Pardon me, there's one last thing I must do."
Magnus reaches down and grabs Lance's shirt at the chest as I hear a strong whirr of energy.
Lance yells out in pain.
'What did you do?!'
"I merely cleansed him of the beast's residual energy."
It'd be best if you both go home, let me warp you.
Magnus starts the warp as I apologize and thank him.
"Your apologies are unnecessary, I merely did as I am responsible for, save your thanks for a more dire time."
We get teleported to the front door, I gently make Lance lean on me as I walk into the farmhouse.
I lay him down on the bed and remove his clothes. I see no injuries and at least his breathing has stopped being laborious.
I settle a chair next to the bed for later, I decide that a hot meal will be good for the both of us.
Thankfully the bedroom is easily visible from the kitchen, I keep watch as I make us some rice gruel.
I place his bowl on the nightstand as I finish eating my bowl. I settle my empty bowl on the nightstand and sigh.
"Don't sigh, it makes my heart heavy."
I perk up and immediately look at him.
'Are you okay?!'
"I'm fine now, my love. A little drained, but nothing a little r'n'r for my husband^wife wouldn't fix."
I offer him the rice gruel and help him sit up.
'What exactly was it draining your energy for?'
"That I do not know."
'And you're sure about never seeing a shrine on the last level?'
"I swear it upon my life."
The thoughts are racing through my mind about the implications and it stirs my fear.
"My love, what is just so daunting about that shrine that frightens you?"
'Have you ever visited the desert shop?'
"Sandy? Yeah, I visit her to complete mercenary work."
'Have you ever entered the casino at the back?'
"Yes, I know the bouncer there, why what's wrong?"
'Do you know the owner?'
"There's an owner?"
Fear.
Utter fear.
Something starts shaking in my core and I don't know what to do about it.
Lance grabs me by the arms and lifts me into the bed on his lap.
"There, there, what's wrong that's gotten you so shaken up for, my love?"
A thought races through my mind, Lance's patrol IS on Ginger Island so maybe he would.
'Do you know anyone named Mister--'
My voice cuts out.
"Mister?"
'Mister--'
Again.
A different route.
'The western beach. The door. Have you ever gone inside?'
"A door?"
My vision starts to shake.
I've never felt terror before. Grief, anxiety, fear, pain, sadness, happiness, guilt, elation, exhilaration, I start to list to myself how all of these feelings really feel.
Terror isn't something I've ever felt until now.
My body starts viscerally shaking as Lance grips me close.
"My love, you need to calm yourself. Are you trying to say that there's someone that I do not have perception of?"
I almost hit the top of my head on Lance's chin as I shoot up and make eye contact with him.
A decorated war hero.
Of course he would understand my hints.
I grip onto him and hug him tightly.
He starts to chuckle, "I see. Such a strong force that shakes my husband^wife to your core, huh?"
"Hmmm, someone so powerful that even Magnus and I cannot perceive."
"While there isn't a limit to perceiving where you are, there's sort of a mind filter of feeling your existence at every moment that I also exist."
"I guess I can just keep my alerts on for you at all times, it will be hard for me to adjust, but if it calms the maelstrom of your mind I will be your shield."
Lance kisses my forehead as he pats and rubs my back.
'What do you mean by a persistent alarm?'
"Ah.. have I not told you? Magnus taught me more of the soul bonding and I can feel your every movement if I concentrate hard enough."
'M...my every movement?'
"When you go to water the crops in the morning, when you bend over to tie your shoe laces, when you breath out a sigh of accomplishment. Every breath you make exhilarates me."
'Isn't that exhausting to feel two people at the same time?'
"My love, women have to bear children for nine months and they feel that life in their hands that entire time. I have merely filtered out some of the noise of your movements to only feel your emotions."
"Of course, if your fear is this gripping, I can expand it to know where you are at all times as well."
I flush with embarrassment as I realize the implications of knowing 'exactly where I'm at'.
"I could leave you to your privacy, but is that really necessary when you're this clingy?" Lance nudges into my face and licks my lips.
It does calm my mind to know that I am being watched by Lance at all times.
'Does it work even if you're asleep?'
"I'm not exactly 'asleep', anymore." Lance looks away from me.
The way that he looked away made me confused.
'What do you mean by that?'
"Well... you have a Nexus that is deeply rooted throughout this entire valley, correct?"
'Yes.'
"And we are soul bonded through magic."
'Yes.'
"What do you think your Nexus is made of?"
'Are you... are you telling me that you're now rooted to my Nexus?'
"That's not exactly the terms that I'm looking for, it's more like, I have become a branch of your Nexus rather than thinking my \self\ has a tethering to it, it has merely absorbed me."
I sat in shock as I realize the implications of that statement, 'Am... am I a monster?'
Lance wholeheartedly laughs and leans his face into my neck as I blush in embarrassment.
'That wasn't a joke!'
"You finally realize why the three of us are so hesitant around you, yes?"
'I--Yes, I'll start taking the lessons from Magnus and you properly, I swear.'
My voice shakes from embarrassment as Lance holds my head and laughs some more.
"It's the reason why Magnus was so mad at me. He knew that I would become a part of you and lose my sense of self."
He sighs as he moves my arms up and around his neck.
"I still feel like my \self\, but now I don't feel lost. I finally feel grounded, here, in your embrace. As if I was always meant to be here."
"Of course, Magnus doesn't see it that way, he sees it as a tragedy that a warmonger like myself doesn't devote myself to research about my own body."
"We're definitely an oddity in the Ministry's eyes."
'What's it actually supposed to be for mages with a Nexus?'
"Well you understand Magnus' Nexus is made for travel, yes?"
I shy my eyes away as I didn't pay attention to his Nexus lecture.
"...I understand his lectures are boring but that one was important."
Lance sighs as he chuckles, "I'll give you the short version."
"Nexi can be three types. Modular, Immobile, and City-Wide."
'C-city wide?!'
"Well when the Ministry drops your ban, we'll visit the main city together."
Just imagining a Nexus the size of a city excites me.
"Yours would have been a city-wide if you were a planes practitioner like Magnus."
I stare at him in shock, 'Why didn't Magnus make this his Nexus then?'
Lance laughs again, "Do you realize how hard it is to transfer a Nexus? It's like peeling your skin off while keeping awake."
That description made me nauseous.
"Now you see why he looked at it and contemplated it, the man is a little nuts."
"Beyond that point, a city-wide is sought after by planes practitioners."
'Why?'
"A city-wide can connect to anything, anywhere, anytime."
Anything, anywhere, anytime.
My nexus was supposed to be a city-wide.
And I am a monster.
'I... turned you into a warp point?'
"Correct."
The shock shakes my vision again.
'Is that why you can warp without much chanting?'
"I didn't think you'd notice that part, but yes, I merely have to 'feel' the valley, through you, and I can maneuver how I wish."
I mention that I still need things like return scepters.
"Well you were born in the mundane, soon enough you'll be able to feel the earth breathe."
"It also doesn't hurt that I'm more inclined towards being a planes practitioner, but I never wanted to sell my soul to the void."
'What exactly is a planes practitioner again, I'm sorry...'
Lance laughs again, "The first lecture! My love! At least the first one is important!"
He can't help but hold back his laughter as he starts tearing up, "Oh that old man is going to be hell for his students."
After finally regaining his composure, he breathes out, "Planes practitioners borrow their 'magic' from exactly what it sounds like, the other 'planes' of existence."
"My form of magic is self centered by nature as it is a martial art. But it still stems from the same foundation, rather than an exterior plane of existence, it is your own soul."
"My meridian is my way of reaching through the other planes to supplement myself instead of asking for any specific entitity, it is me borrowing power from my other 'selves'."
'Does that mean you can see other timelines of yourself?'
"Sort of? If you think of it as a simultaneous existence, then I suppose it is like parallel timelines. For me, it's more like borrowing power from a younger version of myself since I do not like to delve in what is not current."
'Can you see other timelines?'
"I do not have foresight like Welwick and Magnus, no."
'But you can borrow power from them?'
"I can feel their emotions and borrow their 'strength', I cannot see how they lived their lives."
It gives me a sense of relief to know that he doesn't have to beat himself up if other existences didn't have the love we have.
I rest my chin on his shoulder as I think to myself.
Lance brushes his fingers through my hair as he hums quietly.
'What do you think that void serpent was doing?'
He continues his motions, "I think the recent eruptions of void magic is the world trying to say it wishes to heal."
"Your Nexus was the exodus, so to speak, a vast waterfall of energy surging through the valley to connect it all together."
"It doesn't help that my own magic has supplemented your Nexus, in turn, the valley, so I do have a part to play in that guilt."
"My 'fire', is just that. Fire. 'I was born in fire to burn as bright as a star.' Such was my birth."
I comment about that being the reason why his hair is this color as I twiddle with his ends.
"Yes, although my upbringing was one of the firsts of the Ministry's orders."
I question what he means by that.
"Well, my love, if you paid attention to your weekly lessons with Magnus, you would know of the 'Merlin Doctrine'."
I bury my face deeper into his shoulder from my lack of respecting Magnus before.
He chuckles softly as he continues to play with my hair, "The Merlin Doctrine started with me."
"It was brought about because my first mentor, my mother, was an actual warmonger. She raised and bred me to conquer."
"I guess the modern term is child soldier? I don't really remember much of my younger days because of the Ministry's memory magic, but I'm thankful for it."
"I know what I've done, it's the reason why I have no problems borrowing the powers of that young version of me."
"But I digress, the Merlin Doctrine is the Ministry proctoring magic children away from their mundane parents. Due to my nature of having a mundane mother who bred me to have magic, I was used for war."
I couldn't look Lance in the eyes as he continued his humming.
'Are you... okay?'
"Hmm? Why yes, actually. It was a part of my past, yes, but I have never humoured the idea that I had a choice."
"She was my pillar, my 'God', up until Magnus caught me on the battlefield."
"That was when I realized that life wasn't about seeing red, that there were actually other colors in the world than red."
"I give the old man grief, but he's like a father to me. He bothers me, yes, but he is also the one who saved me."
"I couldn't be his student though, his lectures actually put me to sleep and the Ministry thinks it's psychological."
Lance starts laughing as he swirls my hair around his finger.
"A father, huh?"
I felt him rest his chin on my shoulder as I pat his back.
"I used to be afraid of the term, but it doesn't sound as terrifying since it would be with you."
"But today has been long, and I don't know about you, but I'm exhausted."
Lance gingerly rests us against the pillows as he tucks me in.
"I am the luckiest man alive to have you."
I blush and the words escape me, 'I feel blessed just being around you.'


//////////////WINTER/////////////////

//////secret forest///////
As I look out the window before starting my day, Lance comes up from behind and hugs me.
"Good morning my love, do you have anything special planned for the day?"
'No, why?'
"I was thinking of going on an excursion with you deep into Cindersap."
'Ooh, sounds fun. Sure, what should I prepare?'
"Hmmmm, probably a few sets of clothes, I've already asked Camilla to take care of the children."
'Do you know where we put the camping gear?'
"It's out on the front porch, my love." Lance calls as he packs his bags alongside me.
'Did we need an air mattress?'
Lance contemplates it for a second, "No I'll bring the plusher rollable ones."
I hesitated for a second.
I understand our dates are for fun times to ourselves but the plush one is especially heavy.
My eyes shorten as I look at Lance with a smirk, 'What are you planning?'
Lance stops dead in his tracks as he nervously giggles, "You'll see, my love."
He continues packing his bag and it looks as if we're going for a week trip, not a day trip.
'How long is Camilla staying for to take care of the kids?'
"A week."
'A--a week!?'
"I want time with my husband^wife, are you going to chastise me for it?"
'No, I just--I need to pack more.'
Lance starts to laugh as he grabs our toiletries.
I hurriedly packed everything as Lance was laughing for most of the time.
"That excited?"
'I haven't gone camping since I used to visit my grandfather! It's exhilarating!'
We hike up the trail and go deep into the forest, Lance is marking the trees with ribbons and magic.
The clearing is covered in powdered snow.
Lance snaps his fingers as a ring of fire clears the snow for our gear.
He extends his hand for me to hop through and places my pack down.
"I'll handle setup, could you find firewood?"
'Sure, should I grab some fish as well?'
"If you'd be so inclined."
I giggle as I grab my wood harness and give him a kiss before heading out.
A few thinner trees chopped away as they seemed the driest, I grabbed some fish from the river before heading back.
The campsite is ready as Lance becons me to our foldable chairs.
"Let me handle the wood so you can handle the fish."
'Oh I know you're just great at handling wood.'
Lance looked at me like I said something stupid.
I giggle uncontrollably as he sighs.
He set up the wood in a ring as I finish up the fish, I grab the lighter and get ready to light the campfire.
Except, I grabbed one of the fancier lighters, and completely forgot how this one works.
I sat there fiddling with it not knowing how to even open it as Lance stares at me.
"Love?"
'Yes?'
"What are you doing?"
'Getting this lighter to work?'
"...Love?"
'...Yes?'
Lance snaps his fingers and the campfire lights up.
He looks at me with that look from earlier again.
"I'm going to need you to finish your dinner fast."
'Why?'
"I don't know what is wrong with you today, but I'm going to fuck you dumber."
I open my mouth wide and gasp as he shoves the fish in my mouth.
"Fast."
The plates clatter as he finishes putting them away.
He sits on one of the larger logs and beckons me over.
"Sit."
'Where?' I coyly smile at him.
He stands up and sideways carries me as he sits himself back on the log.
'But this isn't sitting~' I say in a singsong voice.
He sighs again as he smiles and stares up into the night sky.
*THWACK*
A sharp pain shoots through my core as he smacks my ass.
I yelp with a smile on my face as he shakes his head.
"I see that wasn't a punishment for you."
I start to swing my feet back and forth as I stare up at him with my chin in my hands.
He rubs his hands together as he readies himself for another smack.
*SMACK*
'Oh come-'
*SMACK*
'You're gonna have to hit harder than-'
A thunderous smack filled with magic hits the dead center.
I moan out.
"I see, I have to use magic to make you listen."
'Ooh but that wasn't as nearly as hard as-'
*S M A C K*
That hit had a bit more magic than our normal sessions and it reverberated through my magic channels.
I moan as I stare at him with my tongue hanging out of my mouth.
He grabs my tongue to make me suck on his fingers.
I can feel him slowly pitching a tent as I loll my tongue over his fingers.
His other hand pulls my pants down to show my ass to the cold air.
I shiver as the cold air hits me.
He takes his spit-slicked hand and wipes it onto the other hand as he readies another blow.
*SMACK SMACK*
I lay my head on my arm as I stare at him and shake my ass.
He shakes his head in disapproval as he lifts my ass higher in a fast motion.
I can't help but gasp as I'm left into a downward dog pose.
He shoves his fingers into my depths as I cry out.
"There's no way I could punish someone as defiant as you, I feel as if there's nothing I can do unless I tie you down."
I shake uncontrollably as he has my tongue and my hole in his control.
"The only real way to get you to quiet down is to shove something into this pretty mouth of yours isn't it?"
I nod my head as I give him a look.
"That can be arranged."
My head is shifted even further down as I'm staring at Lance's crotch with my ass high in the air.
He's leaning back on the log as we're on the ground.
"If you can manage to please me before I make you scream, then you'll get your reward."
I happily unzip his pants and shake my ass as he tosses aside my pants and underwear.
I ring my lips with my tongue and get ready for my snack as he gives a heavy handed smack to my ass.
Right as I open my mouth to moan, he pushes me onto his crotch.
It hits deep onto my tongue and I almost gag, but I happily hum as I begin my work.
I feel him squirm as he readies another blow to my ass.
My voice escapes me as I moan with him in my mouth.
He starts to lick and play with me as he continues his smacking.
With his hands, he leverages me so that he can choose how deeply I suck and how fast.
I feel like my mouth has turned into a toy as I continue for my reward.
Thinking of things like milking the cows, shearing sheep, watering crops, swallowing--
My mind trails off as I realize my hands stopped moving.
I definitely want that reward, but Lance doesn't seem like he's at a point where he'll finish any time soon.
I start to ring the tip with my tongue to try and push him to the brink.
My machinations finally work as I feel the all-too-familiar muscle movements.
He presses me hard into his crotch as I hold his warmth in my mouth.
I'm seated back up but in a reverse cowgirl position as I look back and down at Lance from over my shoulder.
I swallow in a show of grace as I lick my fingers like I ate greasy food.
"Gods you're beautifully filthy."
He lifts me up with incredible speed to plant me back down onto his crotch.
I scream out as my body wasn't exactly ready for that.
"Louder, I'm going to need the animals around us knowing that this is our territory for mating."
I comply as I scream Lance's name over and over to get him to pick up the pace, to hit the deepest reaches of my body, or to grind into me.
I feel the telltale signs of his release as he grips my hips and slams me down as hard as possible.
I moan loudly and exclaim it to the sky as I'm filled with warmth.
My vision goes blurry as Lance feels like he's shifting us around.
"Hold onto the tree."
'Whuh?'
He slams into me as I moan breathlessly. I finally realize that I'm against a tree, standing up.
Lance is using my hips as an anchor to piston himself into me as I'm left babbling.
Inbetween his pitches, he smacks my ass with magic and I'm left with my mouth gaping wide.
"I... did... tell... you... I... would... reward... you..." Each word is crested with a pump and I'm seeing stars.
Lance is pummelling through my highs as he continues his fevered push.
A final scream from me causes him to lurch forward as he grabs underneath my chin and presses me hard against the tree.
I feel comfortably pressured as he releases a second time into me as I'm left panting.
"You look like you're in heat."
I can't eek out a word as I hold my tongue out of my mouth.
"I wasn't kidding when I said I'm going to fuck you dumber."
He turns me around and lifts me up with his arms underneath my legs.
I'm left exposed to the air as he lowers his arms and enters me again.
I grab at his shoulders and bite down on his neck as something feral feels released from me.
"I can't tell if all of this liquid is me or you." He thrusts in time with my breaths.
'I definitely feel like I'm drowning.' I lay my head back and try to get as much air as I possibly can.
I'm panting heavily with my eyes almost closed, staring at the beautiful night sky, as I'm being absolutely pounded stupid by my husband.
Everything feels right, right as he hits a different spot.
I cry out as I'm shocked back into reality.
"I found a new spot, huh?"
He chases that high of finding a new spot as we reach our highs.
I pray this is the final round, I'm left a gaping, wet mess as he holds me up and against the tree.
"I would say I'm an excellent painter."
My head tilts to the side and I shake disapprovingly.
He gives me a deep kiss, "And I believe I've done my duty as your husband to fuck you stupid."
He settles me into the barrel bath heated with magic as I'm still left seeing stars.
Lance has climbed into the tub at the same time at some point but I still feel like I'm high.
Somehow we're in the bed, cuddling, as he finally breaks my trance by laughing.
"I'd say I did a good job, good night my love."
'Good ... night... Lance.'



///////QI EVENT////////

As I'm wandering and on my way to the adventurer's guild, it feels like my vision goes blurry.
"Found you."
The well known sound of a warp starts whirring as I feel my consciousness fading.
'L...Lance.'
Darkness.
I wake to the sound of water dripping.
I feel bound.
I shake myself awake to see that I am tied to a chair.
"The Stardew Hero."
'....?'
"The unassailable adventurer."
'...'
"The champion of Galdora."
'...!'
"To best my minions deep in the Galdoran wastelands was a feat I wasn't expecting."
"I thought my warning to you in the Skull Caverns would've sufficed, but I have underestimated your fate it seems."
"How is it, to know that only you can perceive me? Those mages and their paltry weavings mean little to me."
"It seems as though you've gone through a soul bonding with the fiery one though."
"Though, he is the weakest of the three, I doubt he could ever find you here."
"A few days, perhaps, and you'll change your tune."
As Qi giggles to himself, he pulls out what seems like a branding iron from the nearby fireplace.
Waves of fear come at me in droves, I start to shake back and forth in any attempt to escape.
"Silence."
My movements are stopped dead in his words.
What is he...? Is he even human? A mage? A... god?
"Whatever thoughts you have of me they are unnecessary. I am as they would call it, a 'wizard', but none that you've seen."
"That old tome that lives secluded in his tower abandoned the power of the endless void. Were he to truly embrace the planes he would have no concern."
Right as the revelation comes, the branding iron sears my leg, I scream out in agony as Qi laughs.
'You... you sold your soul to the void.'
Qi laughs uncontrollably, "Is that what the little fire hellion said this power was?"
He swings the brand in one hand and smacks my other leg with the handle.
I wince in pain as the iron felt like it hit a bone.
"My dear, I can see timelines that you haven't even thought about."
"I see you in all sorts of timelines where the hellion isn't your mate."
"You think you can play god with the tune of people's lives, but you haven't seen what a god's power really is."
A cracking sound echoes as it feels like a searing pain rattles my body.
I don't know what broke, I feel my consciousness slipping.
"Wake."
And in that one word, I feel awake and the burning heat of my leg being broken is renewed.
I scream out in agony and tears.
"...!"
As I shakily look up at Qi, he looks worried over one of the monitors.
I barely manage to lift my head to look as I see large runic circles surrounding our farmhouse.
'Is.. that.. Lance?'
Lance is seen in one of the monitors inside of my Nexus, chanting furiously.
And as if he knew where to look, he stares straight into the monitor and it felt like we had eye contact.
"I found you."
Qi yells out in fear, "No! The hellion of all people?!"
A heavy cracking noise reverberates the space that we're in, light pours in and I hear a voice.
My consciousness feels like on the verge of darkness as I feel hands on my shoulders.
"@! @! @!"
The light barely illuminates Lance's features as I weakly outstretch my hand to him, he grabs it and starts yelling my name.
"@!"
He turns towards Qi, "So you're the thing that @ was so afraid of in the mines."
"Hah! The strongest soul bond I've ever seen! To think the Ministry let you become intertwined with the war fiend himself!"
"War fiend, warmonger, warlord, call me whatever you like, but you'll pay for what you've done to @."
"And what could \you\ of all people, do to me? One word and you would be wiped from this existence. Hell! Most timelines you don't even EXIST!"
"Even if I don't exist in those timelines, I exist in this one, and I have finally found my place where I belong."
Lance picks me up and a new kind of warp portal opens. I see Magnus ready at the helm and chanting alongside Camilla.
"MAG! CAM! I LEAVE @ IN YOUR HANDS."
'La..nce...?'
"I'll be back, I promise."
Darkness consumes me as I'm cast asunder through the warp.
'You can't... leave me.'
I have dreamless nights.
Fitful nightmares.
I wake between being cared for by Camilla's warm touch, Magnus' chanting to attempt to heal my wounds.
"Magnus what is that branding?"
"I do not know, Camilla."
That's the last words I hear as I lose consciousness again.
"...eir condition has stablized, there's nothing much we can do since it's inherently magical that's dragging down their energy."
"I see, I know that @ is supplementing Lance even now with their magic, but I cannot decipher where."
Is that why I feel so drained?
Am I keeping Lance tethered to this reality?
I pray as I close my eyes and fall into a deep slumber.
A vision of us holding our children as Lance smiles my way, caresses my cheek and says something that I cannot hear.
'What was that?'
"..." As he smiles at me, he puts away a lock of my hair behind my ear.
'Can't you tell me?'
"..." He looks at me lovingly as he points towards something.
My Nexus rushes in bloom as I feel it scream out in pain.
It drops me to my knees as I hold my ears. Lance places a hand on my shoulder as he gently taps me to look.
The roots of my Nexus are gripping the ground...?
Leylines?
The vision of Lance nods as he holds his hand out to me. I grab it and we walk a path filled with memories.
The first time we met on Kohldur.
The time I caught him failing to plant monster crops.
Our trip around the Highlands.
The Dwarf in a cage.
Lance telling me of Camilla against a sunset.
Him wandering in front of the farmhouse in the rain.
Camilla appearing before me.
Lance and Marlon talking.
The First Slash greeting me.
Jolyne asking me to take care of Lance.
Watching Lance work.
Our first night.
Our wedding.
Our first night as a married couple.
The first time I saw him rattled thinking that he could harm me.
His frantic search to bind us.
Our soul bond.
As I walk with Lance hand in hand, he's smiling down at me as we approach my Nexus.
'How can I help you?'
Lance nods and sits on front of the tree as he pats the ground next to him.
I sit next to him and mimic his praying stance.
I see him visibly breathe out and close his eyes as he wordlessly chants.
I follow suit.
My ears start ringing, the sound of water rushing all around me is deafening.
It sounds like thousands of heartbeats at once.
I try to shut out the noise and search for the one I'm looking for.
My soulmate.
My husband.
Lance.
I feel his energy, faint as it is, as I use my own magic to outstretch my hand.
I reach out with both hands and pull with as much energy as I can muster and topple backwards with him in tow.
It wasn't a dream, I'm in my Nexus.
Lance is in my lap, beaten, bruised, bloody, but alive.
Alive.
I bend my ear down immediately to listen for his breathing, it's ragged but it's stable.
He weakly lifts his hand up, "I'm home, my love."
I hear the whirring of a warp being used as Magnus rushes in with Camilla in tow.
"YOU ABSOLUTE FOOLS."
I haven't heard Magnus raise his voice, and Lance probably has never either.
"NOT ONLY TO THROW YOURSELF INTO SUCH A DANGEROUS SITUATION, BUT TO NOT EVEN LET YOURSELF HEAL, TO DRAG YOUR SOULS TO THE BRINK THAT YOU BOTH LOOK SHATTERED."
"YOUR SOULS ARE ON THE VERGE OF COLLAPSE."
"Razzy."
"HOW COULD YOU BE SO RECKLESS?!"
"Raz."
"DID YOU EVEN THINK ABOUT HOW CAMILLA AND I WOULD FEEL IF--"
"RASMODIUS."
Magnus finally stops as he pants heavily through tears.
"I can't lose any more family."
"I know Razzy."
Camilla places a hand on both of our backs as she starts chanting her healing spells.
Magnus drops to his knees as he clutches his face and prays.
"Whatever gods be out there, let these two rest now, I pray to whoever will listen."
We were carted off to Harvey's clinic since we were both still covered in lacerations.
"It's good that they're both recovering at such a pace. The brand is a little concerning, however."
Right. I was branded.
I wonder if I was magically branded.
I look down and it glows.
Yep.
Well shit.
I sit in quiet contemplation as I look down at it, heartbeat monitors beeping to my calm state of mind.
I look over at mine, 90 over 60. Scary low.
I guess I'm calm even though I've been magically branded by something.
Lance is breathing slowly as well as it seems like he's still asleep.
They put our beds close together since we supplement each other with our mana.
I reach over for his hand as he grips it back.
'Lance?'
"Yes, my love?"
'Have you heard anything?'
"Hmm. Something about us being branded, Magnus and Camilla are researching it with the entirety of the Ferngill Ministry."
'T--the entirety?'
Lance softly laughs, "Well yes, their worst fear, you, and their sword, me, were branded."
He breathes out, "I don't feel anything from the brand, at first I thought it was just a regular cow branding but then it started glowing."
'Mine glowed as soon as I touched it too.'
"Maybe it has something to do with our souls being on the brink of shattering at that time?"
'Magnus was... really mad about that.'
Lance chuckles, "Yeah, I've never actually seen him that angry."
We softly laugh to each other as I shuffle and move into his bed.
"Harvey is gonna get mad at us."
'It's mana charging.'
He laughs, "Yes, yes, I need my recharge."
We slowly breathe in sync as we circulate our mana together.
I can feel the lacerations of his meridians as I try to heal them.
"Don't."
'Why not?'
"You're far worse off than I am right now."
'What do you mean by that?'
"If you could see how your soul looks, you look as if you're being held together with string and hopes."
"Listen, close your eyes and feel the mana circulating between our meridians and consider that training."
'Lance?'
"Yes, my love?"
'Uh.. how long have we been out?'
"Well you were gone for an entire week before I could find you."
I sat up immediately.
'A WEEK?!'
"You see why I was so desperate to find you."
'Did you even sleep, eat, drink?'
"I couldn't stop."
"I could feel your soul screaming from me from a far away place and every fiber of my being screamed back."
I placed my head in my hands as I sat there in quiet contemplation.
'You were gone for three days.'
"Well I would imagine it wouldn'tve been a short rendezvous."
'So for a total of ten days? What about our children?'
"The Ministry is currently taking care of them with a few colleagues that I trust."
"We prepared for the worst. If something targetted you, they could easily snatch the children away, and I wouldn't have that."
'I hope they're alright.'
Lance chuckles, "Don't worry, I get updates from Morgan via communication magic on an almost hourly basis."
I hold him close and think of our children, to think my contingency plan would've been put into action within the year, it scares me.
"You were right to tell me to keep my alarm up on you, if it weren't for our strengthened connection I don't think I would have ever found you."
Lance pulls my head up to his lips as he kisses my forehead.
"I think I would've lost my mind if I didn't have this tether to you."
'I can't imagine it.'
"You can't?"
'You're like my lighthouse through the maelstrom.'
"So you're saying I wouldn't have gone completely insane because my husband^wife was missing?"
'No, I'm just saying I can't imagine it, because you seem so levelheaded and grounded.'
"I am only this way to ensure your safe passage."
'...?'
"My love, you're not exactly the most secretive about your emotions."
'What do you mean by that?'
"Our wedding, your loneliness, it has permeated me at an even deeper level since our soul bonding."
I shy away out of embarrassment.
"No need to feel embarrassed, it comforts me to know that you want me so desperate that you search for me at every opportunity."
'You really did keep that alarm up at all times, huh?'
Lance laughs, "You weren't exactly secretive with your stolen glances."
I start to swirl my finger in a circle on his chest as I collect my thoughts.
Ten days have passed, our children are being taken care of, I was abducted, Lance fought his way back to me.
Who... is Qi?
'Were you able to see him?'
"That thing consumed by the void?"
I sat up, Lance could see him.
"Yeah, I know that it would drain your magic at an increasing speed, but I decided to throttle the magic between us."
"I was able to perceive him through your magic, but it was probably not the same vision."
'What did he look like to you?'
"Something bathed in void, much like Apophis."
"It was almost unintelligable, I'm surprised you even had humane conversations with that thing."
'He had a human form to me.'
"That's interesting. He seemed like a warped Apophis with a human head to me."
'Did Magnus ever figure out what the void shard was about?'
"Yeah, apparently we were covered in them, they're apparently a type of chitin."
My skin crawls, 'What do you mean we were covered in them?'
"It was if it was trying to feed off of our mana to burn our meridians."
'I wonder what he needed all of this mana for.'
"I couldn't exactly talk with 'him' as you keep on calling it. It sounded akin to animals being mangled."
I press my head tightly against his chest to hear his heart beat to calm myself.
My heart monitor jumps as thoughts race.
I feel Lance look up at it as he chuckles.
"You don't have to be afraid, anymore, love. I think 'he' won't bother us for awhile."
'Why?'
"I seem to have left a mortal wound."
My eyes tremble, 'Has my mana and our soul bond really caused that strong of a rift in your abilities?'
"I didn't think it would, I thought that I would be the one sacrificing my lifeforce, but apparently yours is unending."
'Un... unending?'
"Through our almost shattered souls, I could finally catch a glimpse and understand."
'...?'
"You are connected to every timeline. Your body and mind are disconnected. There would be too much information for you to process all at once."
"There is a reason why Magnus was so mad, I was using your connection to your simultaneously endless timelines to find you."
'Is that why Magnus said it looked as if we were about to be shattered?'
"Well I vastly underestimated just how many timelines exist within you."
"I simply took it at face value, but the vastness of 'eternity' isn't something any one person can understand."
'An... eternity of timelines?'
"You would definitely go insane were you to read every timeline, every action, every thought, of all of your selves at the same time."
"Your body and your mind actively protects you."
"You are different in every timeline, yet all the same."
I sit and ponder the thought, while I do understand parallel existences, the thought that \I\ am connected to all of them sort of scares me.
Lance rubs my hair as he laughs softly, "It'd be best to forget and live in the moment, like I said, I had but a glimpse but I feel my reality shaking."
'Are you going to be alright?'
"Yes, I've stabilized since getting back to you through your dreamlike state."
'So it was really you!'
"Of course, it was the only real way that I could escape that monster's wordless magic."
'Is that what his magic was? He would issue out commands to me and I couldn't do anything about it.'
"Yes, the most ancient form of magic are words. You can think of our chanting as limiters so that we do not become something akin to him."
'Limiters.'
"Maybe if someone paid attention to Magnus' lessons, they would know how the ancients could even command the seas."
I nuzzle into his chest and take a jab at his abs.
"AH! Ow! I'm still bruised my love! Have mercy!"
A light knock comes at the door, Camilla stands there with a tray full of food.
"Oh it is... so good to see you both awake and well."
She places the tray of food on a table before falling to her knees.
"Razzy and I are, well, the entire Ministry is currently researching. The only thing we know of that brand is that it has severed something."
"Interesting, I can still reach out to my other existences, but they cannot reach out to me anymore, could that be the case?"
"You'll have to tell me more later, Lancey. Right now we're just on high alert to make sure that you both are protected. The monsters in Galdora have become frenzied."
"What of Ferngill?"
"They're fine, Razzy has deployed himself to aid Ferngill, saying that his 'newfound grandchildren' must stay safe of all things!"
Lance laughs as he holds his hands up to his eyes, "That old fool."
We all sigh as it feels like this chapter comes to a close.
I still wonder what Qi even was.


//////////////////////////////////////////////////PEPPER X//////////

/////////////POTION MISHAPS/////////////

//////////////POTION INTRO
I stepped out onto the porch to find Lance comfortably lying on the swinging chair.
"Oh hey Honey, I was waiting for you."
I questioned what he was doing.
"I've been working on this potion for the last week that I think could be fun to experiment with. Please meet me at the bath house at your earliest convenience, my love."
I took the brisk stroll towards the railroad bath house. Lance is shaking a bottle filled with a shimmering green liquid. He's leaning on the side of the building.
"Come over here, my love. I'd like you to have this half. I have my half right here."
He shakes the bottle and gives a sly smile.
I ask what the potion does.

/////////////////////BODY SWAPPING
"I was told that this recipe was for ritualistic shapeshifters."
I asked him what he meant by shapeshifters.
"Why not take a risk every now and then? There's no harm in it. Especially since I'm right here with you."
After a few seconds of quiet contemplating, I reluctantly nod my head.
"That's my boy^That's my girl."
Lance chuckles as he hooks his leg around mine and strikes a pose.
"Of course we have to drink in style!"
I laugh and lean back like a ballroom dancer as I drink. Lance holds my back as he also starts to drink his.
My vision shifts, a bright blaze of lights goes off and then stark darkness.
I call out for Lance, my voice is incredibly husky. 'Lance?'
"@?"
Lance's voice sounds wrong.
I finally regain my vision and notice I can't see Lance at all. I look around in a panic.
My legs feel weighted.
I look down.
Is that... me?
I started to laugh uncontrollably.
"Ah, so this is what it feels like to be so filled with energy!" My own voice starts giggling. A strange feeling comes over me as I feel my heart shiver.
"@, this body makes me feel like I can run five marathons in a row. Just how do you deal with this overabundance of energy?"
'Is it really that drastic?'
"Well you probably wouldn't be able to feel the nuance between our energies, but you can imagine your energy feels like an unending torrential rain. 
I was given lessons from a very young age, so I was able to restructure and maintain my meridians, but yours are just strengthened by pure energy."
Lance breathes in deeply and smiles as he grabs my hips.
"This is a change of pace, and well, I won't say no to it." He gives a sly grin and begins to slide his hands up my back.
"The benefits of this exchange is that I know my own spots." Lance's hands slide into my pants as he presses a spot at the front of my pelvis.
'W-w-what was that?!'
He starts to laugh as he leans his thigh into my crotch. It sends a jolt up my spine and I shudder.
"I told you. I know my own spots."
He bites my collarbone and grips my crotch at the same time. Every movement he does feels like a fire is being lit.
I look down at him with heavy lidded eyes. And think, two can play at that game.
He notices and drops his smile.
'Oh no, you're not escaping me.'
I grab him by the legs and lift him to rest on my hips. I unbutton the first top buttons and start biting on his neck.
"A-ah I need to remember these spots."
He can try to, he'll finally get to experience what it's like to have your brain melt.
I graze my hand over my pelvis and bite down even harder at the side of his neck.
"Gods. I'll remember that."
I make quick jerking motions with my hips as I slide my left hand into his pants.
I flit with his crotch and bite his ear. My other hand grips the back of his neck and pulls him down.
Lance looks at me with my own eyes with a dark haze.
Do I always look like that when we're together?
It's no wonder he feels like an unquenched fire.
It's... intoxicating to look at myself.
I can't resist the urge and immediately start deeply kissing him.
He moans against my mouth as he slides his fingers through my hair.
Suddenly he grabs hold of my hair and pulls my head back.
"It's my turn now, kitten."
I shiver.
He hooks his leg over my hip stronger to anchor himself and balance standing on one leg.
Was I... that flexible?
The fear of being sore is wiped from my mind as soon as Lance unbuttons my pants.
I start breathing heavily, is this what it feels like to hear his own voice in his head? It's rhythmic and it reverberates.
I look at him and beg.
"Good boy^Good girl"
He tilts my head back and bites with all of his strength into the side of my neck.
My own weakness in my own body is used against me in his.
How could he realize that in this short time, while feeling this intoxicated?
He truly is the greatest combat mage of this century.
To so expertly understand an 'enemy's weaknesses.
And the thought is blown from my mind as soon as I feel something warm on my crotch.
Lance is already on his knees, with his own member in my body's mouth.
It's a strange sensation to watch myself.
I grip the bath house's door jamb for support and my breath feels heavy.
He drives his mouth all the way down to the base and gives me a wink as he looks up.
My knees buckle.
I was caught by the back of my knees and I could feel the vibrations of his laughter through my skin.
I tilt my head back and let out a sigh.
A thought races across my mind.
My hand moves before my brain can process it.
It feels like someone is possessing me as I grab his hair and thrust at the same time.
It startles Lance but he starts to giggle as he rides my storm.
Suddenly, a mind numbing rush comes over me as I grip as hard as I can and give one last push.
My knees are supported from the back as I shiver uncontrollably.
I can hear the sound of swallowing and my eyes shoot open to look at Lance.
He looks up at me, surprised at first, but smiles mischieviously as he uses his thumb to wipe his lips.
It sends a shiver up my spine  and I swallow in response.
"Well now that we've got your fun out of the way, I think it's my turn."
He starts kissing me furiously as he pushes the curtains away from the bath house doors.
Our clothes were disheveled, Lance makes quick movements in a blur and we're laid bare.
As I'm pushed back, my back feels cold.
Lance pushes me into a box squat at a comfortable position.
He giggles as he swings his leg over mine.
The sway of his hips intoxicates me as I watch with hungry eyes.
"I hope you're ready. I've always wondered what it was like to ride until I was numb."
We connect as my body feels a reignighted fire.
'Lance.'
"Yes?"
'Lance.'
He giggles, "Yes?"
'S...saranghae.'
It distracts him for long enough for me to get a few thrusts in.
"Ah, ah, that's not fair, my love." Lance sighs and leans his head back as he picks his pace back up.
"Using a mother language on me isn't fair." He looks back at me with glazed and darkened eyes.
I feel myself tense up as he moans.
He grabs the back of my head and starts to suck on my teeth.
It feels like he electrified my entire mouth in one go.
Did he just... use magic in my body???
He starts to chuckle, "Yes, I did use the magic from both of our bodies. Now you'll understand what it's like to feel intoxicated by someone who doesn't know how to control their strength."
He pulls harder on the back of my head and pulses magic through our mouths.
It wasn't a joke, this is the most intoxicated I've ever felt in my life, and I've had at least a few bingers...I think.
The thought is wiped from my brain as soon as it comes as he clenches from below without warning.
To be in the grips of a war hero in his element. A new battlefield for him to explore, to conquer.
I gasp for air and plead for mercy.
"Breathe in time with me."
Lance slides his hand down my stomach and starts to scratch at my sides.
Everything feels like static noise.
My face feels like it's completely numb.
He starts to tap his index finger against the vein in my neck.
I breathe to the rhythm.
The reverberations of his laughter on my mouth make even my teeth tingle.
Not once has he let up on his pace.
As I finally match his rhythm I can feel... my own magic thrumming through my mouth.
It's like a chalice being filled with gel.
Sickly sweet but intoxicating, is this what my own energy feels like?
"I love you."
It felt as if I was struck by a lightning bolt in that moment, Lance slams down as hard as he can into me and screams my name.
"@!!"
I watch myself lose sanity to pleasure.
I follow Lance's crescendo and pull him down against me.
He starts to loll his tongue out as he pants heavily, he looks down at me with my own darkened and glazed eyes.
I grip the back of his head and kiss him.
A quick moment of kaleidoscope lights happens as I feel a shift.
I finally don't feel like my hamstrings are on fire.
My thighs don't feel bruised.
But I feel extremely full.
I open my eyes and look around to an unfamiliar view.
Lance giggles, "I'm down here again, my love."
Lance's legs are completely flat against the floor.
He slides his hand up my back as I shiver. We're still connected, I retort.
As he laughs softly he grips my ass and nods at me.
"Can you blame me for the ride? I know you look at me like you want to use me like a toy."
I blush and lightly swat at his shoulder.
"I yield! I yield my love~!" He laughs as he grabs both of my wrists and pulls me against him.
He gives me a long kiss and pats my back.
"Could you give me a hand, I'm suddenly regretting putting myself into a box squat."
I couldn't hold in my laughter as I realize it wasn't his crotch that was shaking, but it was actually his thighs.
We have a long and comfortable soak in the bath.
"I should keep that recipe for when you're feeling down, I can definitely pick you back up from that."
I recanted that it was actually 'I' who picked 'him' up.
"Haha! That is true."
He plants a kiss on my forehead as he opens the front door for me.
"Of course, the love of my life needs to enter first."
I give a sarcastic curtsy as he laughs.
"I can tell we'll definitely sleep well tonight."
We sure will!


/////////////////////HEIGHTENED SENSES BRANCH
"Hmmm? It will allow our senses to be extremely heightened to touch... and pleasure." Lance gives me a quick glance but I felt the hunger from his eyes like a starving predator.
I take the bottle give him a skeptical glance as I lift it to my lips.
"Oh that's no fun, we have to at least make a show of it!" Lance hooks his arm under mine and chugs the bottle as I watch in shock.
I follow his attitude and squeeze my eyes as I down the whole bottle.
There's a sudden pang of pain, it started from my temple, shooting through to the tips of my fingers. 
I look up at him and steal a glance. His eyes seem glazed.
"I feel like I'm going to spontaneously burst into flames just looking at you." Lance licks his lips as he pulls me close. 
"Let me just have a quick taste, before the main course."
He grazes his lips over my neck and I shudder.
"Ah, don't hide from me, I love all of your sounds." Lance whispers in my ear as he grabs me by the hip. "Let me see all of your expressions."
He takes my hand and leads me through the doors of the bath house. "Reward me with the pleasure of ravaging you. Allow me to drown in your heat."
Lance bites my ear and starts stripping me. Everything feels like it's on fire.
"You look so strained, let me help you." Lance slides his hands in quick movements to disrobe me as he makes a show of taking his shirt off.
He stares at me with that glazed look as he lifts his shirt up over his head and licks his lips. 
He tosses the shirt on the nearest bench and wiggles his hips as he unbuttons his pants. I feel cold on the outside, but my insides feel like a house fire.
Lance sits on the bench and crosses a leg over the other.
"Crawl."
I stood there in shock. 'Pardon?'
"My love, we're out on the outskirts, having fun in a secluded building. Let's heighten the experience, shall we?"
He pauses.
"Crawl."
He tilts his head and looks at me with a sly grin.
I get down on all fours and start crawling towards him while keeping eye contact.
"Now, I feel like I would like my reward for coming up with such a brilliant idea."
He makes a soft chuckle.
"Suck."
I tilt my head and move his underwear aside. I guide him into my mouth and start bobbing my head.
He suddenly grabs the back of my head and starts thrusting.
A quiet grunt comes from his lips as I look up at him. 
Smoldering.
His eyes look like he could set me on fire just by looking at me for too long.
He licks his lips and smiles down at me.
"My love, you are perfection."
In between grunts he sings praises.
"Good boy^Good girl."
He grips my hair and pulls my head back.
Lance is breathing extremely heavy as he looks down at me and smiles.
"I need you."
I feel a chill go up my spine as a smile comes across my face.
Lance lifts me up and rests me on the bench. Our clothes are covering the wood like a blanket. I blush at the thought of being so exposed.
"Don't worry, I cast a security barrier before you got here."
He positions himself in front of me and lines himself up.
I reach down to guide him in.
A slow movement of him grabbing my hips and a quick flick of his allows him to enter.
"Aaah."
Lance breathes out and steam comes out.
"I really feel like I'm burning from the inside out."
I tell him that he actually breathed out smoke!
He chuckles, "With your heat combined with mine, I'm surprised I haven't been set aflame."
Just as quick as his quips, he begins thrusting to a beat of his own drum.
Every single movement he does feels like I'm playing with the flint of a lighter. A few strong pumps force whimpers out of me.
"None of that." He jolts. "Let me hear." He thrusts. "Let me feel." He grips my hips and dives deeper.
I started to moan his name as he crested my breaths with his thrusts.
He looked down at me and we locked eyes.
Pitch black.
His eyes looked at me like I was prey caught in a predator's claws.
My muscles tensed and it forced a hitched breath out of him.
"Ahh, are you playing with me? You're squirming and tensing so much that I can't tell if you've hit your crescendo or not." He laughs openly.
I managed to get a quip out that I'm a well worn ship in the middle of a maelstrom right now.
"A maelstrom? Is that the strongest you think I can go?!"
For a split second I felt a tinge of fear. It was vastly overwhelmed by excitement.
Lance took a grip on my ass as he angled me higher.
Deeper.
Stronger.
Like a tsunami, Lance starts his pace and chases my highs with his thrusts.
The only thing holding my sanity was the cold feeling of the bench on my neck.
I suddenly felt weightless.
Lance lifted me in the air and pinpointed his breaths with thrusts.
I scream.
"Louder."
I comply.
"That's my boy^That's my girl."
I feel his grip tighten as he digs into my core. He grunts and holds me tight against him as we hit our high together.
He takes a bite out of my neck.
"I love you @."
I love you too, Lance.
"Now let's have that bath, shall we?"
I quip that I can walk on my own.
He makes a quick thrust and it shuts me up immediately.
"Are you so sure about that, my love?" He chuckles whole heartedly.
I concede and let myself get carried into the warm bath.
Lance slowly dips into the water and lets out a sigh.
"Nothing like exercise and a hot bath."
I comment on his virility to still be connected with me.
"We're not going to worry about that *now* are we?"
He makes a quick jerk as I let out a moan.
"Let me pamper you, you did so well earlier on rewarding me, I always repay favors with earnest."
He lavishes kisses on my neck in between bites and suckling.
I start to giggle.
"What's so funny, my love?"
I comment on how I didn't realize life would be this exciting to be married to a wizard.
"Oh no no no, you will not lump me in with that old fuddy, Magnus." He crests his words with thrusts.
I cry out and beg for mercy.
"Has my kitten learned his lesson?^Has my kitten learned her lesson?"
I nod and nestle into his neck.
Let's finish up, we both have work to do in the morning.
I blush and comment that the farm is sustainable.
He heartily laughs. "Don't tempt me."
We cleaned up and walked back home, hand in hand.
"I never thought life would be like this with... well.. anyone really. Call me thoroughly surprised." Lance looks me in the eyes and smiles softly.
"I don't know how many times I've told you, but they warned me with such ferocity about mingling with someone who's fate is so densely wound like yours." He looks up at the stars and reaches out with his hand.
"But I told them to hell with fates, to hell with their worries. I wanted you. Now I feel like I wasn't even living before I met you." Lance squeezes my hand as he leans to kiss me.
"I wouldn't have my life be any other way."
That night with Lance was intense! I'm going to sleep well tonight! Goodnight Lance!
Lance laughs as he grabs me and nestles his face into my neck, "Goodnight, my thii-lak."



//////////////POTION SHENANIGANS///////////

It was a quiet day, I was able to relax my mind and enjoy myself for a chance of pace.
[this is assumed you already have children]
Lance took the children into the basement to show them potions that could light up in the dark.
I got curious as I heard their laughter start roaring.
As I walked over, I thought of a really dumb meme that used to go around.
I only remember it so vividly because Lance would make jokes that he's definitely a potion man.
My hands lightly rubbed the wood of the cellar door as I readied myself to knock.
The usual rhythmic tapping code that we do between each other.
Hurried stomping and clattering of glass can be heard, I start to giggle as I'm seated on the ground.
"Why hello, beautiful, might I interest you in some potions?" He flashes me the most shit eating grin I've seen in awhile.
'Penny said she can babysit the children today.'
Lance's eyes light up instantaneously.
"%kid1! %kid2! YOU'RE GOING OFF TO SEE VINCENT, JAS, AND MORGAN!"
I hear them scream their shrill excitement as he runs with fervor to the hatch.
He quickly but gently shoves both of our children out of the hatch for me to reach.
I nuzzle their faces as I ask them how their day went.
"Oh their day went great, yeah, cost me a pretty penny because while I THOUGHT I knew babyproofing, your bloodline is full of mischievious patrons, aren't they?"
'Oh and YOURS aren't?' I start to laugh uncontrollably.
Lance lifts my chin up and gives me a kiss a little too long for the children to see.
'Not in front of the children...'
"Oh come on, studies show that annoyingly loving parents create stable children."
Just as he says that, he scoops all three of us up into his arms.
"Well \I\ am ready for my day! Let's go see Auntie Penny!"
The children start excitedly screaming as I start laughing again.
I let myself be carried off to Penny's home as the townspeople wave and laugh at our demeanor.
'What's got you so riled up and ready?'
Lance is whistling in a joyous tune as he finally stops, "I finally finished a potion that was escaping my memory for the recipe."
'Something, escaping you? Sounds fake.'
A hearty laugh comes from him as he squeezes the three of us together.
The children giggle as they snuggle up against me and act like this is just another carnival ride.
"You'll see, it's specifically for you anyway."
Oh, one of \those\ potions. My face goes red as I think about the night ahead.
"You did say that Penny will babysit them for the night, too, yes?"
'Well, yes, it \is\ a weekend.'
"Good. Good. Good. Good."
It's almost as if I can see a tail wagging behind him.
We finally reach Penny's home as he loudly exclaims himself, "Penny~! Can I tell you how much I appreciate your hard work~!?"
Penny giggles as she opens the door, "Hello Lance, @, ah! %kid1 and %kid2! Always so adorable!!"
I hand off our children to Penny as she waves us goodbye and the children giggle to their hearts content.
Lance starts to bounce up and down and starts breathing as if he's going to run a marathon.
'Why are we bounc--' he starts sprinting towards the mountains with me over his shoulder.
He lightly grabs my ass as he also casts magic on me to smooth out the bumpy ride.
I listen to him box breathe as I rest my chin on my arm and laugh.
'That excited, huh?'
"My. Love. We. Haven't. Had. Time. To. Ourselves. In. A. Week." He says, in short breaths through his box breathing.
I can't control my laughter any longer and just let it go, waving goodbye to Linus on the way up.
'To the bath house again?'
"No."
'No?'
"You'll. See."
We reach the train station as he whirrs the ticket machine to life with his magic.
"Close your eyes, it's going to be a bit nauseating to warp like this."
I comply and feel my hair whip back and forth.
"Alright, we're here my love."
I rub my eyes to see the lush fields of Grampleton.
'W--why Grampleton?'
"There's a forest."
'There's a forest in Pelican Town!'
"Yeah but Magnus is there."
'What does that have to do with--' Lance shoves a potion bottle in my mouth.
"You'll see why I wanted absolute isolation."
I gulp it down with anticipation and a little bit of fear.
Lance finds an exceptionally lush spot with soft pink flowers everywhere.
He casts a light spell to illuminate us as we're deep in the fields with not a thing in sight.
'Here?'
He nods.
'HERE?!'
He \excitedly\ nods.
I grip the top of my nose as I look at him in disbelief.
He starts to give me that obnoxious eye wiggle as he sways his hips back and forth.
'So what was the potion this time? I feel absolutely noth--'
Silent.
The whole world went silent and I start to panic.
Lance grabs my face and kisses my forehead as he starts to rub the top of my head.
"Y--'l -e -in- ca-m -nd br-at-e s-o-ly."
I have no idea what he's saying but the way that he's rubbing the top of my head feels nice.
"Can-you-hear-me-yet?"
I nod lightly but my balance feels off.
The spot that Lance is rubbing suddenly feels strange, like he's trying to clean my ears out.
He blows lightly over the top of my head but it felt like he blew in my ear, I yelp and grab the top of my head.
Dog... ears?
What are these?
I grab my head and start to rub them.
Definitely dog ears.
I look at Lance in disbelief.
He gives me that shit eating grin again as he plugs his nose up and falls backwards into the petals as if he was in a swimming contest.
A few minutes pass as I sit there in disbelief, dog ears on the top of my head? What about my bac- there's a tail there.
Why do I have a tail?
What did Lance make me drink?!
Lance finally comes back up from his flower pool with matching ears and a tail.
His pupils changed into a wolf's as I swallow and start to crawl over to him.
He smells... different?
Like bathed in a campfire filled with only hickory logs.
It's comforting as I nuzzle into his chest and he rubs the back of my head.
"Don't be afraid of what's going to come next."
Before I even say a word there's a spine shattering chill going up from my tail to my head.
It feels like my entire spine is on fire but not in pain.
And then my lower half aches.
Burns.
Screams.
I look up at Lance with lidded eyes and start panting.
"Aaaah, more, look at me more." He grips my face and starts deeply kissing me, he caresses my ears and whispers words of love as I feel like I'm drowning.
The hickory smell is engulfing all of my senses and all I want to do is to sink my teeth into something.
I beg Lance for release, but he only disrobes me.
He carefully stows away our clothes as he lays me on my back, only to lift my legs up and over his shoulders as he stays seated.
I can see his face over my crotch and I can see just how wet I am.
Lance takes a lick and it feels like ice being thrown into a vat of oil.
He starts humming as he dives deeper and starts to eat me out.
My voice trembles as I go back and forth between begging for more, telling him to stop, wishing for him to dominate me, asking him to grind me into oblivion.
Upon my third release, he finally breathes out and it looks like his teeth are... longer?
It sends a thrill up my spine to think about being bitten with those.
I feel something poking against the small of my back as I decide to repay the favor.
Except there's two things poking me.
I feel around in disbelief, but there is in fact, two throbbing members, awaiting me.
I gulp.
Lance looks at me with a devilish grin as he finally sets my hips on his.
It looks like he was trying to drink from a water fountain but missed.
His lips are glossed over and his chin is covered in my juices, I swallow my spit as the look sends another thrill up my spine.
Lance grabs my newfound tail and I yelp.
"Oooh, good sensitivity."
He starts to rub gingerly at where it's connected to my spine, it feels nice and I start panting again.
He flips me like a pancake so that I'm on my hands and knees.
I'm on all fours in shock.
"Now, I know physically, you are definitely ready, mentally? Well we'll see."
He plunges in with both of them.
I scream out as loud as possible and crest it with a shrill moan.
"Oooh, beau-ti-ful." He grinds hard into my body with every syllable.
Back to the same rhythm of begging, moaning, grasping at the ground, and finally looking over my shoulder to see what he's doing.
He looks as if he's relishing in prey that he just caught and it makes my tail stand up on edge.
Lance notices my tail lifting as he grabs it at the base and I scream.
A light tug makes all of my holes open up and beg.
"Now that, that's a new feeling." Lance starts grinding deeply into me as I go back to stammering for more.
His tempo is slow but he aims at the deepest part of my body with every hit and it's driving me crazy.
I bet him to absolutely pound at me and it apparently was the trigger.
He lifts my upper half up and holds my legs up as he starts to drill from underneath.
It feels as if he's trying to beat me into submission with something from below.
Below?
I finally looked at what the members actually looked like.
Knots, on both of them.
Fear, but also extreme arousal.
The hickory smell encompasses me again as I lose my sense of reason after thinking about it and Lance bites down on the nape of my neck.
Something inside of me breaks, I turn into a babbling mess and I can't stop spasming.
Lance continues with a fevered pitch, my legs in his arms, my neck in his mouth, as he continues to try his battering ram his way into me.
He finally takes a deep breath and hilts both knots at once.
Stars like I've never seen before, I uncontrollably drool everywhere as there are no more words coming out.
Lance lazily gyrates both of the knots as he settles me down back onto the grass and cuddles me from behind.
I can hear him sort of talking, but nothing is coming through.
All I can feel is the way he laughs as we're locked together.
The breeze stops as I look up like I've been drugged.
Lance casted a barrier.
Worry over.
I faceplant into the ground as I feel him laugh again and he lovingly rubs my ears and tail.
It felt like I had been sleeping for hours, I finally grabbed at the dirt and realize I had passed out for roughly three hours.
I look down and Lance and I are still connected.
Do I still--? Yep. Ears are still there.
Lance raises an arm to beckon me as he almost painfully grinds deep into me. I let out a moan as he rubs my chest and nibbles on the back of my neck.
I decide another nap is in order.
Two hours later, and it seems like I finally don't feel full.
Lance is knocked out flat, ears and tail gone, a shame. My ears and tail are also gone.
I suddenly feel liquid pouring out from under me as if my water broke again.
While I am glad that we're out in the middle of a field, it is still mortifying.
I rest my hands on top of Lance's chest and rest my chin on top of my hands.
'You are a demon.'
"And you are a lust demon."
'Excuse you?!'
Lance laughs as he lifts me up to lay completely on top of him, "Good morning to you too, beautiful."
'You worked this hard for that potion?'
"Mmmhm." Lance starts to place my hair out of my face and behind my ears as he stares at me lovingly.
'We already have two children, our nest is a little full, love.'
"That's not going to stop me." He grins and rolls us over.
I start giggling as I do the same of placing his hair back behind his ears.
We start giving loving kisses and pecks to each other.
"Did you have a good time?"
'I think you've unlocked a new problem for me.'
Lance starts laughing, "At least I have the recipe now."
'Would we turn into full werewolves?'
"Hmmm, I haven't thought about that, but we should probably not test the potion out on any full moons just in case."
I gather our clothes as Lance picks me up in a bridal carry.
"Ready?"
'I'm ready to no longer be covered in dirt, yes.'
A low chuckle as he kisses my forehead and we are warped into the bath house.
I throw our clothes into the washing machine and we cuddle while in the bath.
"Are you suuuure our nest is full?"
'By all means, you get to enjoy having more of them bother you while you're doing your research.'
"Oh but I just love the way they giggle." He chuckles and kisses my forehead.
"They all look like you."
I blush and wash my face off.
We decide to grab the children before heading home, both of them completely exhausted from their playdate.
I give them forehead kisses and tuck them in.
"See? Looks just like you."
'Well I think their attitude comes from you.'
He laughs and whisks me to the bed.
"Goodnight, my love."
'Goodnight Lance.'



/////////////////pollen electric boogaloo///////////// THIS IS ONLY FOR PEPPER-X
intro
Lance is contemplating something inside of the farmhouse next to his planters.
Something on your mind?
"Ah, my love, I was just given a peculiar seed from the Ministry... They said that it's an abnormal form of the 'marsh mallow' seeds."
Marshmallows? Y'mean puffed sugar?
*Chuckle* "The purer form of it, the one that inspired the name, actually. It's normally an edible flower, and it has the sweetness you'd expect... But this one... came from a monster."
!!! A monster???
"Yes... That's why the Ministry has tasked me with figuring out what exactly is different from this one. If you wouldn't mind, could you put your skills to the test?"
I nod and take the seed bag from him.
"Thank you, my love, do let me know when you've harvested it's flush."

////
LOOK UP MAGNUS' WINE FOR TRIGGERING 'DATE'
player walks up to lance and brings the crop
'ah you've successfully harvested--'
he immediately furrows his brow
'that is definitely, not right'
lance takes the flower and examines it closely
'i'll have to make sure this isn't too---'
lance got a puff of smoke in his face from the flower, i immediately rush to his side as he kneels down and starts coughing
'what---- what did that--- [eyes glow]'
lance? are you alright?
'i... i wou-- please-- stay bac'
before i even have a chance to move, he rushes me down
'ahh you.. you smell as sweet as the flower, my love i can't resist'
before i even have a chance to say a word, he bites down on my neck
--lance!!
the pain from the bite shoots through my body as i realize his eyes are completely glazed over and he's consumed by something
lance--i--- that hurts!!
'i'm sorry, my love, i-- i can't hold back this urge to want to devour you whole'
right as he says that, it feels like fire is burning my veins, the bite from my neck feels like an acid burn as i grab my neck
it's covered in blood, and i can feel lance's magic rushing through my body, uncontrollably
lance is silent as he hurriedly strips me
lance i---
'i'm, trying my best to hold myself back-- i swear-- if you find it is too much then you need only strike me'
i can't-- do that--
lance bites the other side of my neck as i gasp for air, the magic is now surrounding me as i feel like i'm in a blanket
'my... magic... will keep you... safe... but i need you--'
need?
with no time to explain, he immediately enters me, it almost hinged on pain but his magic dulled my senses






///////////HAIR RAISING TENSION//////////

//////////////ROPE PLAY LANCE TOP
Lance is humming as he brings about a box from underneath his clothes.
He gently sets it on the table, brushes off dust in a joking way, and seats himself to stare at me.
'I'm in the middle of cooking.'
"I can wait."
I eye him skeptically and finish cooking.
We have a good dinner, and the box is still delicately placed on the dining table.
'Can I ask what that is?'
"Weeeeeell I am glad you finally asked~!" Lance chuckles as he makes a fanfare and bows in front of the box.
I clap and shake my head disapprovingly.
He opens the lid and it's ... rope?
'Rope?'
He hums and takes it out. Lance snaps the rope in front of me and eyes me down.
I swallow.
Is this fear? I'm unsure what this uncertain feeling is.
////////////////////ROPE LANCE TOP
"Let's be a little more exotic tonight, my love." He saunters behind me and lightly dusts the rope across my neck.
"Pick a word."
'Pardon?'
"Pick. A. Word." Lance snaps the rope against my arm and I yelp.
'...Parsnip!!'
Lance laughs heartily.
"If it's too much, scream it."
I swallow again.
As he makes a quiet laugh, he delicately strips me of each article of clothing.
My shoes remained neatly laced with my socks inside of them respectfully.
My pants were folded with delicate care.
My shirt was folded to department perfection.
I sat in the dining chair in my underwear.
"A feast!"
I cough, I can't resist the urge to quip, 'My love we just finished eating.'
Lance snaps the rope against my thigh as he laughs. "That was the first course."
He skillfully drapes the rope around my ankles as he ties my ankles to the legs of the chair.
The ropes were tight but not enough to chafe.
"Will my lovely assistant put their arms behind their back?" I comply with skepticism.
He binds my wrists together and gently settles them into a comfortable spot against my back.
"Lovely! Lovely."
A few steps back.
The quiet contemplation.
Hands across my form as he contemplates what to do next.
He swiftly slaps my left thigh.
I yelp and shy away from his touch.
"Good, the sensitivity is there."
He starts to whistle, he starts to drape the rope around my neck as he reaches behind me.
"Aaaand alley-oop!" Lance quickly lifts me up off of the chair as he slides the rope underneath me.
I shutter as I feel it slide forward.
The rope around my neck is gently connected to the rope underneath me.
A swift tug makes the two bound to each other.
It makes the feeling of my own throat moving react to the rope that's underneath me.
My own breathing is betraying me.
Lance continues his whistling as he laces up my chest with the remaining rope.
"I haven't done this myself, but I thought I could watch a few videos. My skills are... lackluster."
Is he... grading his own work?
'Are you grading me?'
He grabs my chin and pulls up towards him, it moves the rope around my neck and in turn moves the rope underneath me.
Everything feels stimulated from one movement.
"No I'm grading myself, my love. I cannot grade you, the pinnacle of perfection!" He laughs again as he licks the sweat off of my forehead.
He lightly grazes my chest with his hand and positions himself in front of me.
The humming resumes.
He licks his lips as he looks down at me and I swallow.
Between his hums, he unbuttons his pants, the motion is mundane but seductive, like he's going to a public toilet.
A hand slides under my chin as he gestures my mouth to open. I comply and give him a wink.
Swift and precise, he grabs my head and begins thrusting into my mouth.
It feels like I'm on the brink of suffocation every time he hits to the base.
"Good boy.^Good girl."
One low movement hits deep inside of my throat and it jerks the rope.
He tugs at the bottom of my neck.
I feel him tense up as he bends over to grunt in my ear.
My mouth starts filling as I almost choke.
Lance lifts my chin as high as it can, "Be a good boy and swallow.^Be a good girl and swallow."
His eyes are dark as he stares at me and I swallow with fervor.
"Good. You get your reward."
Lance unties my ankles as he whistles again. He swiftly picks me up and hoists me over his shoulder.
It feels sort of exhilarating to be moved like an object.
He repositions himself seated into the chair as he gingerly seats me upon his lap, facing him.
A silent contemplation washes over his face as he looks down.
"I can pay for new ones."
Before I even have the chance to speak, he rips a hole in my underwear.
'Excuse me?!'
He giggles and bites my ear.
"I said."
He slides a finger into me.
"I can pay for new ones."
He moves to put another in.
"You like the color black don't you?"
He starts to move his fingers in rhythm.
His teeth graze the rope around my neck as he bites down on it and pulls back.
The rope underneath me twitches with his finger movements as he continues his conquest on my neck.
I strain my hands against the wrist bindings from the urge to grab his hair.
My vision feels blurry as I search reason in his face.
The entire time I've been seated, he never stopped looking at me.
His eyes were glowing, rather than the pitch black that I'm used to.
The green glow of his eyes sends chills up my spine as I start to feel my fingers twitch.
Lance's other hand roams to my back and strokes my hands as he whispers praises in my ear.
An almost inaudible whisper comes from his mouth as he says a spell, all of my weight feels gone.
With the quietness of his spell, he yanks my wrists down as I'm folded backwards and laying in his lap.
The sudden change makes me yelp.
Lance grips my hips and folds my legs upwards as he starts to chuckle to himself.
"This makes me feel like I purchased a sex doll."
I blush at the description of being called a sex doll.
He gingerly trails his fingers along my stomach as he wiggles his hips.
One hand widens the hole in my underwear as he positions himself to enter me.
The tip waits at my entrance as I look at him through lidded eyes and lick my lips.
The sight of me doing that stirred something in him as he lifts my hips up and connects us in one quick movement.
"Aaah, that's cheating. I'm weak to that look filled with desire."
His hands are underneath my ass as he starts to use my weightlessness like I'm a toy.
I really do feel like a sex toy with the way my body moves with no gravity.
I can't help but to switch between begging for him to go deeper, to pick up his pace, or to touch my skin.
He complies with every demand as I bring them up and I feel my tears streaming up my forehead.
My body has gone completely limp save for my legs that are comfortably resting on his shoulders.
Suddenly I feel a change in his demeanor, I manage to look up at him as I see his eyes start to flicker between insanity and desire.
That look sends me off the deep end as I reach my crescendo.
Lance bites his lips as he hitches his breath and grinds as hard as he can into me to follow my crescendo.
I feel the rush of warmth as my body goes completely slack.
He tenses up his legs to catch me as I blink slowly.
"What a perfect toy. What a beautiful scene. How could someone as beautiful as you even exist?"
The praises make my skin tingle as he gently lifts me into a bridal carry.
He carefully places me into the bathtub as he delicately undoes all of the bindings.
My skin is red with desire, the marks clear for anyone to see if I wear a t-shirt.
As I raise my hands to my front to inspect them, the quiet acceptance that I have to seclude myself in the farm house for a few days to recover makes me happy.
Maybe Lance will stay home with me as I recover.
He would probably indulge my desires.
While my thoughts were going, Lance was gingerly washing my skin, massaging my scalp with shampoo, and before he started on my face, he asks.
"Can you close your eyes for me so I can exfoliate your face?"
I comply without thinking, but then I suddenly realize I feel exceptionally clean.
After my face is rinsed off, my body looks glowy, except for the rope marks.
It only makes the rope marks that much more prevalent.
I feel my entire body flush in embarrassment and appreciation.
"Oh no, don't hide yourself away from me, not when I put this much hard work into polishing this beautiful stone."
Lance gently moves my hands aside as he kisses me and finishes with a bite on my lips.
"Now, let's go to bed, I bet you're exhausted my love."
I nod as he picks me up with a towel.
I was expecting to walk to the bed myself, but Lance picks me up in a bridal carry again.
"I didn't say the pampering was over."
I chuckle and give him a kiss as he makes his way to the bedroom.
My hair is gently dried and treated with product.
A new set of pajamas is already set on the bed.
Lance chuckles and pulls out the underwear as he gently slides them up my legs, giving quick licks, bites, and kisses.
It tickles but it also feels like he's trying to set my body on fire again.
"Ah I'm sorry, I don't mean to set you for another around."
I chastise him that it doesn't seem that way to me.
As he laughs he continues dressing me.
He snaps his fingers and disrobes fully.
The blankets slide away as we cuddle to relax for the night.
"Goodnight my love."
'Goodnight Lance!'

////////////////////////////////ROPE DATE ALT LANCE BOTTOM
Lance is humming as he brings about a box from underneath his clothes.
He gently sets it on the table, brushes off dust in a joking way, and seats himself to stare at me.
'I'm in the middle of cooking.'
"I can wait."
I eye him skeptically and finish cooking.
We have a good dinner, and the box is still delicately placed on the dining table.
'Can I ask what that is?'
"Weeeeeell I am glad you finally asked~!" Lance chuckles as he makes a fanfare and bows in front of the box.
I clap and shake my head disapprovingly.
He opens the lid and it's ... rope?
'Rope?'
He hums and takes it out. Lance snaps the rope in front of me and eyes me down.
I swallow.
Is this fear? I'm unsure what this uncertain feeling is.
I reach my hand out and grab the rope from his hands.
Something possesses me as I settle him into the seat and kiss his temple.
'Pick a safe word, Lancelot.'
He tilts his head and smirks down at the ground.
With a raised eyebrow, he finally responds as he looks up at me, "Spider Lily."
I laugh at the implication of a 'flower of death'. Does he want to experience a sweet death?
I slap the rope against the side of the chair as he leans back.
His haughty attitude feels like it's turned up to eleven.
My thoughts race of putting him into submission.
I walk behind him and grab underneath his chin and force him to look up at me.
"Yes, beautiful?"
I shove a line of rope into his mouth as he talks.
Just enough so that he can still make out words, but it forces him to keep his mouth open.
"Ish thish really how you want to play today?"
My laughter escapes me as I pull down on the rope and his head leans back.
'I just like your pretty mouth.'
I give him a kiss on top of the rope as he sticks out his tongue for more.
My fingers reach in and fondle his tongue as he groans while staring at me.
'Can you put your arms behind you?'
He complies and starts humming through his nose.
I do a square knot on his wrists and secure it against the chair.
All the while, he's humming to himself and wiggling his hips in anticipation.
The thrill of turning this cocky man into a babbling puddle surges through my body.
I drape the rope to the front of his body as I unbutton his shirt.
The only ropes that I know of are farmers ones.
I figure a sheepshank will still look nice, the red rope complimenting his tanned skin.
Light touches make him twitch as he watches my ropework.
I pull it tight enough so that he can't move, but comfortably that he can shift however he wants.
I took a few steps back to admire my work.
His hair is slightly disheveled from my rough grabbing, his eyes dark as the night.
His unbuttoned, white shirt open wide, a few spots underneath the rope that I tied.
While I had the chance in front of him, I opened up his pants to reveal his underwear.
As I'm judging my work, he tilts his head to the side and tries to give me a smirk.
A giggle escapes my lip as I make a show of caressing his face while walking a slow circle around him.
His eyes close as I brush underneath his chin.
From behind him, his nipples are pert and excited, a thought races across my mind, but my body has already moved.
Both of my hands have already grabbed his nipples as I gingerly twirl them inbetween my fingers.
He tilts his head back and forth as the stimulation probably feels like a fan to a fire.
I look down and see the magnificent tent he has pitched.
One hand roams down and caresses it as his eyes shoot open and licks my cheek.
My hand grips his crotch as I bite down on his ear.
An unfiltered moan escapes him as he looks up at me with pleading eyes.
That was the look I was going for.
As I walk back around to his front, he keeps his attention on me the entire time.
His hips gently gyrating every time the floorboards creak in antipication of what I'm doing.
I carefully remove him from his underwear and stroke the tip lightly.
His head lurches back as he moans again.
My fingers reach for the rope in his mouth as I pull down on it so that he has to look at me.
I lick his teeth as he tries to hiss commands at me.
"Pleash."
'Sorry, couldn't hear you. Say that again?'
I lean my ear into his face.
"Pleash gih me releash, my masher, my loh."
I grab ahold of him and start stroking, I resume my position in front of him as I slowly settle myself to sit on the floor.
I lay my arm on his thigh as I use it to leverage myself to watch his movements.
My other hand diligently working in a rhythmic pace as I lick my lips and watch his every move.
His hips squirm with every flick that my nails catch on an off beat.
His eyes look down at me looking like he's tearing up but wanting more.
The flickers of desire start to consume him as my hand picks up the pace.
Right before he starts to buck in my hand, I stop my movements.
'I didn't tell you to move.'
His eyes shoot open as he looks at me in disbelief.
'I have to punish my misbehaving lamb.'
I remove my hand from his crotch and continue tweaking his nipples.
From behind him, I get to see every twitching movement of his member as he looks up at me with begging eyes.
I continue this motion until his tongue starts to loll out of his mouth.
"Pleash."
'Please?'
"Pleash, I beh."
I pat his head and let my hands roam through his hair as I resume back to my position in front of him, seated on the ground.
I touch the tip with a finger.
'I'll reward you for asking nicely.'
I take him into his mouth as I keep my eyes locked on him.
The bobbing forces him to start humping into my mouth but I pat his thighs.
His bucks stop, but feel constrained as I feel his hips straining to hold themselves back.
I giggle as I look at him biting down on the rope and giving me a look that begs for mercy.
I swallow down to the base in one go and pick up the pace.
His head flies back as he moans louder than he ever has.
His hips jerk forward but immediately jerk back down as I felt him hold himself back through sheer will.
'Good boy.'
That last comment forces him to finish, I keep his warmth in my mouth and stand up as I lean over him into his face.
I swallow every last drop, opening my mouth and cleaning the sides of my mouth with my finger.
He audibly swallows even though he can't close his mouth, and I ring his lips with my finger.
He shivers and licks my finger.
I make another show of unbuttoning my shirt, removing my shoes, and my pants.
I hovered over him in an open shirt and just my underwear.
He looked down and I saw him twitch in anticipation.
I gently touch the side of his face and gingerly play with his earring.
He hums and closes his eyes to my touch.
I give him a kiss on the lips and my hands guide him into me.
'I hope you're ready to be ridden until I'm dumb.'
His eyes shoot open as I plummet down.
He leans his head back and moans again as I drag as slowly as possible back up.
I can feel his hips tense as he is using his willpower to restrain himself to not pump into me.
'Good boy, what a good boy, my love, my burning flame.'
He tries his best to hold back his hips and I finally give him the command he wants.
'Start moving.'
He nods furiously and plants his feet firmly on the ground.
He begins to pump upwards to my crested breaths as I play with his nipples and kiss him through the rope.
I can feel him straining as I plummet as hard as I can.
'One.'
'I'll let you go if you can get me to four.'
At first, he didn't know what I was talking about, but I felt my body shiver uncontrollably.
He huffs a laughter and nods in agreement.
I keep my weight on him as he resumes his pace.
It was a quicker fire since the embers were already there, but the way he can crest my breaths with his sets me on fire.
I breathily say, 'Two.'
He grunts and leans his head forward, vigour renewed as he stares at me through sweat on his brow and his hair in his face.
That look almost made me say three.
It feels like he's leaning forward in the chair as he resumes his pace.
I feel slightly off balance, but I grab onto his shoulders for leverage.
He kicks his left thigh and I feel myself hook onto his hips and I gasp.
That movement lets him get my other leg to hook on his right hip.
He stands up as I frantically grab for leverage on his shoulders.
Is... is he standing with the chair still tied to his arms?
I open my eyes in the haze and indeed, we're in the air, I'm clutching around his neck for dear life, and the chair is tilted and lifted.
He opens his eyes and looks at me for approval.
I brush my hands through his hair and giggle.
'Continue.'
He nods as he starts to thrust forward and upwards.
'Three.' I breathily gasp in between thrusts.
But that doesn't slow his pace, it only renews his strength as he uses the chair angle for leverage so that he can bend his knees.
I feel my feet rest on the seat of the angled chair as he looks at me and a glint goes across his face.
He redoubles his pace and pushes through my high trying to reach as far deep as he can into me.
Right on the precipice I manage to moan out the word four.
As soon as I do, I'm filled to the brim with warmth as the chair makes a clattering sound, Lance falls back onto the seat of the chair and pants for air.
I leave us connected as I undo the knots around his mouth and hands.
There's not enough space for me to reach the rope on his chest.
Once his hands are released, his hands roam my backside as he gropes my ass.
His tongue is still lolled out of his mouth as he continues heavily breathing.
I touch his tongue and tell him I'm going to remove the chest binding.
He nods and lifts his back off of the chair as I undo the knots.
I drop the rope onto the ground and he embraces me.
"That was amazing."
I blush after the revelation washes over me.
I've never felt so overwhelmed by something before in my life.
I give him kisses all over his face as I finish off with a kiss on his lips.
He shakily holds my back as he stands up, my balance feels off and I gasp audibly.
His arms catch me as he apologizes, "Sorry, but I want a really hot bath right now."
The words lightly slip from his lips as he prepares a warp spell and we're whisked off to the bath house.
He sheds his clothes hastily while keeping us connected, it's honestly amazing to me.
The hand on my back has never left as he disrobes me and confidently walks into the bath.
The quiet splash of the water finally washes over me as we disconnect.
"I'll have to use magic to clean this place later, but for now I just wanted the hottest bath I could get."
He leans back and lets his body float in the water as a chuckle escapes his lips.
"Remind me to never get on your bad side."
I giggle.
We finish our bath and are finally ready for bed.
"I love you, my beautiful and dangerous flame."
'I love you too, Lance.'



////////////////////GRANDPA'S SHRINE////////////////////

As I step out of the front door, Lance stops me.
"My love, it is Spring again."
I nod solemnly as he notices the candle in my hand.
"Your grandfather?"
'Yes, I place a candle at his shrine every year.'
"Could I come with you this time?"
It feels nice to have someone else celebrate someone like my grandfather. I hold out my hand as we take the long walk to my grandfather's shrine.
'Did you know my grandfather talked to me about my accomplishments?'
"Excuse me?"
'Yeah, he showed up in a dream, told me that he's proud of me for continuing the legacy, and said that he's leaving it to me.'
"That's... no, actually that's unsurprising considering what Marlon has told me about your grandfather."
I told my head as a skeptical smile comes across my face, 'What has Marlon told you?'
"Hmmmm~ Two peas in a pod? The Troublesome Duo? Menacing Menagerie? It's a wonder if you had siblings, if there were more of you then I'm pretty sure the valley would've collapsed!"
\I actually have siblings\I only have one sibling\Yeah, true, I guess another monster with such potential would break time itself.

1\ "Do you?! Are they just as magically inclined as you?!"
I don't humor it as I haven't spoken to them in awhile, 'My mother/father still sends me letters.'
"Oh? What about the other?"
I turn away and gently stroke the candle.
"Ah, I see, a sensitive topic on a sensitive day, we can always talk about it when you wish to, my love."
Lance takes his arm around my head and kisses my forehead.

2\ "And is this sibling magically inclined?!"
'Actually, yeah, they're studying right now under a Merlin Doctrine.'
"Fascinating! To imagine that the Ministry had their eyes on you for much longer than even Magnus tells. Curious even."
"Do you know why you weren't taken?"
'My mother/father fought for me, I had no aptitude for their tests.'
"Maybe it was due to the nature of being around someone who was so strongly magically inclined that yours was recessive."

3\ Lance chuckles, "I guess that's one way of looking at it, but then you wouldn't exude this constant energy."
'Energy?'
He sits in quiet contemplation as he chooses his next words carefully.
"I sometimes catch you staring off into space and a deep loneliness exudes from you."
I stop dead in my tracks and my face flushes.
"I don't mean it in any bad way, my love, but you should know when you want to rest your wayward mind, I am here."

'Was coming here a reason for my magic inclination?'
Lance strokes his chin with his free hand as he thinks about the complications of that statement.
"It makes sense to me, considering my exponential growth came about because of you."
'Don't you mean because of my Nexus?'
Lance chuckles, "No, you yourself have an overabundance of energy that the Nexus just enjoys as a snack so to speak."
'Does that mean you get a double helping from my Nexus and myself?'
He starts nodding and it makes me realize that I've given an already powerful hero even more tricks up his sleeve.
'Can you do anything extra special with these newfound powers?'
He does that cute little cheek stroke as he looks up into the sky, "I mean I guess if I think about it hard enough, I can see leylines for once in my life."
'What exactly are leylines?'
"Hmmmm, do I bother giving the quiz answers to someone who refuses to listen to old men?"
I chuckle and lightly tap him on the shoulder, 'You ALSO fall asleep during Magnus' lectures.'
"Ah, but my love, I have had at LEAST a century of practice! He is such a good melatonin pill."
We laugh amongst ourselves as we finally reach our destination.
Four candleholders, all strangely 'eternally' lit.
I place the candle that I recently made in the middle of the shrine and assume a praying position.
Lance joins me as he brings about his prayer beads.
We sit in quiet for quite awhile.
I say my appreciative remarks for my grandfather to have a smooth journey and dust off my legs.
Lance helps me up as we sit on the edge of the river.
"Do you ever wonder what there is after death?"
'Considering my grandfather had enough time on his hands to wait and watch for me to join the farm, probably ghosts farting around.'
Lance starts to laugh, but as it trails off, it sounds sorrowful.
"I never hated her."
'Pardon?'
"My mother, I never hated her, I couldn't. She showered me in words of affection, toted me around as a gift straight from the Gods to her. I felt elated as a child, I would look at the other children in their squalor and mock them."
He sat quietly as he fiddled with my wedding ring.
"She... she bit off more than she could chew. Thought she could create another 'me' to continue her world conquest."
I asked him what he meant by that.
"She tried to find a mate from the Ministry, so to speak." 
"She was good at keeping me hidden, but obviously a child isn't something that can be contained."
"She told me to run, and so i did. I joined battle after battle to find her afterwards. I think I was in my early teens by the time Magnus caught my scruff."
I finally realized just how young Lance was on the battlefield.
'Do you.... long for a mundane childhood?'
Lance looks up to the sky and sighs, "Not anymore, no. When I used to chase shadows of people thinking that they would complete me, I realized that only \I\ can complete myself."



RRRR BRANCH
\"I guess that's the reason why I'm so disappointed in Magnus right now. He used to be someone that I looked up to, no matter how many gripes I have with him and his stubbornness. But to lock himself away in the tower from a few failures? I didn't realize how much of a perfectionist would be able to ruin his own life."

SVE BRANCH
\"I was taught that by Magnus, the only one who can weather a storm is yourself, if you cannot rely on yourself for something, then it is irresponsible to attempt to rely on someone else. It still doesn't help that I still fell asleep in the middle of that lecture, but that's neither here nor there."

I lean my head against Lance in quiet contemplation, 'I'm glad that we can rely on each other.'
Lance leans on my head and nods, "It is a comfort to be able to come 'home'."
















We hiding all of the smutty dialogue here (:

IT'S BIRTHDAY TIME BECAUSE I HAVE LIKE TWO MONTHS UNTIL MY BIRTHDAY HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY TO ME
THIS IS THE NONFESTIVAL VARIANT
THE FESTIVAL VARIANTS WILL HAVE TO BE WRITTEN MANUALLY AND WILL ONLY BE 1 FOR EACH SEASON

DRUNKEN NOTE MAKE A CLONE PLOT


MORNING WOOD PLOT
squat workout dicking
shove something into mouth play

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
i feel really angsty we're gonna write some angst plot
skull caverns

I woke to papers shuffling from Lance's office space.
Lance stood at the table as he kept digging through paperwork and was grumbling to himself.
"Nothing has stirred inside of the skull caverns for decades why now--"
We locked eyes as I sat up from the bed.
"Ah, good morning my love."
'What's wrong?'
"Well, I just got an emergency summons from the Ministry about Skull Caverns."
'...?'
"They're giving an alert to all of the mages in the area that something needs to be investigated roughly around level one hundred."
'One hundred...?'
"Yes, some kind of strong anomaly can be felt from that deeply. Magnus has already sent his acceptance of the summons and I'm waiting on a response from Jadu."
'Is that why you're looking through paperwork?'
"Well I was using the paperwork to refernce reports upon it so that I'm not caught unaware."
I ask Lance if there's enough room in the summons for adventurers.
"I could ask, even if I know that you've been to the mines at a staggering depth, it was never during an anomaly."
'I'm worried about you too...'
"Oh."
Lance looks down at his paperwork and puts them to the side, "Yeah, I... I realize I'm considered retired to the Ministry now but emergency summons like these are like a red alert."
He grabs my hand and rubs circles on my palm, "I know it's selfish of me to ask you to stay home when I'm delving into something dangerous, but I don't want you to be hurt."
"The expedition won't start for three days, so I can stay with you the entire time."
"Is there anything you would like to talk about?"
'How was your childhood?\Do you miss your family?\How did it feel to be in war?\What happened to your family?'

1\
"My childhood, huh? Hitting me with the hard and heavy questions right off the bat?" Lance chuckles as he looks down and closes his eyes.
"I guess we can start with my father, although I talk a lot about my mother, he was actually in the picture at the time."
"He was a region lord, my mother was considered one of the most beautiful concubines, and he was able to wield magic."
"I was conceived under the notion that I was to be the heir. My mother obviously had other plans."
"When she realized that my magic was actually stronger than that of my father's, she stowed away into the night with me in tow."
"I don't exactly know when she had the idea to conquer, but it was probably there from the start."
"My father issued out manhunts for her safe and swift capture, while she was a concubine, my father actually loved her quite dearly."
"She would get caught quite a few times, we'd be brought back to the castle, he would chastise her, and they would continue the game of cat and mouse."
"My father found someone to teach me swordsmanship, a wandering Dragon Knight."
"I know, it sounds crazy that there was just a wandering Dragon Knight in the middle of the plains."
"While I was treated quite well by the servants, since my mother was 'just one of the concubines' I would be berated by the other sired children."
"Obviously during those times, I was named the heir due to my potential, and my birth-prophecy."
"The other children didn't like the fact that I was a child of the flame, they believed that my mother sired a different man's child entirely."
"My father's energies were that of the earth, and fire isn't exactly something that blends well with it in their minds."
"The real joke was that fire is the origin, and that's how it was found out that I had such strong magic because of it."
"One final push is what it took for my mother to finally escape the castle."
"She bounded for the ocean, since she knew how to sail a ship."
"My whole world turned upside down as you can imagine, ripped from my 'place to belong' just to be on the run."
"Because she was so beautiful, there were plenty of men who tried to enslave the two of us."
"I learned really quickly how to fight during those times, and she must've saw the immense potential."
"I guess she wanted to escape at first, and then possibly after our successful escape, she had the idea to never be 'weak' again."

2\
"Hmm, it's hard to miss something you barely remember, isn't it?" Lance softly laughs as he looks off into the distance.
"While I do consider her my mother, I loved her as my mother, I find myself not considering her my family."
He looked at me with a soft look, "You're my family. Magnus and Camilla are my family. Jolyne and First Slash are my family."
As he softly rubbed my hand as he contemplated what to say next, "I never imagined myself creating my own family, I always imagined myself as a wandering mercenary."
He leaned his head back and sighed as he closed his eyes, "It seems dark but the only 'end' I saw for my future was at the wrong end of a monster's jaw."
Something in me welled up as I grabbed his hand.
A soft chuckle escaped his lips, "I'm sorry, my love, I know, but that's just how my life felt before meeting you."
He kissed me on the forehead and put my hair behind my ear.
"You and I have created this family, together, and there is nothing else that I can wish for."

3\



------------------------------
BOTTOM TEXT BOTTOM SMUT TIME
FEMALE FARMER - YURI FIRST

It has been days since I've seen Lance awake, the Ministry has him on an extensive research project due to his soulbinding.
While I understand that it's demanding, I've been feeling lonely.
I actively listened to Magnus' magic and potion lessons as I concocted my own potion for us to experiment.
Magnus stared in disbelief that I would be this kind of person, but honestly I stopped caring awhile ago.
A genderswap potion.
I wanted to see Lance screaming for me for once.
When I finally caught Lance, I hurriedly grabbed his sleeve, 'Please, when is your next day off?'
As he stared at me, dazed, "Two days from now... why?"
'I want to be with you, I've been lonely.'
My words reached him slowly, first a daze, then an immediate blush, "I understand."
He gave me a quick kiss as he brushed through my hair and left for Magnus' tower.

The two days of waiting was agony while also building my anticipation.
I placed the bottle on the dinner table.
'This is for you.'
"...? ...! Oh! Wow! You actually paid attention to Magnus' lessons while I was so busy?!" Lance chuckled as he swirled the potion.
"May I ask what it does?"
'No.'
He gave a silent giggle of acceptance, "As you wish, my love."
A flick of the wrist unscrewed the cap to the bottle as he downed the potion in one go.
The table shook as he grabbed it, I tried to make the potion have little physical pain, but there could always be something.
His hair grew past his back, a silky sheen came over it, he doubled onto himself as his knees fell to the floor.
I sat on the floor next to him waiting for the transformation to go through, his looked up at me as his face started to change to be more feminine.
His angled chin turned into a plush round, his lips became plumper as his facial hair disappeared.
The look in his eyes was hazy as I held his face up to watch.
His chest grew into actual breasts, they grew to fit his muscular frame of c-cups.
His hips rounded out as it seemed like the excess muscle went there instead.
"Aah, a gender swapping potion, huh?" Lance looked up at me through hazy eyes as I wanted to kiss him.
Him? Her? I decided to ask, 'Should I refer to you as a woman?'
"No need, unless this is permanent...?"
I shook my head no.
Lance giggled, a soft and slightly higher pitched timbre but still with his sultry undertone.
My legs shook as I felt like a predator for once.
I grabbed underneath his chin as I gave those newfound plump lips a try.
He softly moaned as he closed his eyes, he was holding his weight up with his arms and I could tell he wasn't used to the balance.
I wonder if he's smaller...?
I made this potion with the intent of a romp, I decided to steel myself as I hooked my arm underneath his legs and held his back with my other arm.
I picked him up in a strongarm bridal carry, he audibly yelped as I did so and grabbed around my neck.
It thrilled me, he shrunk! I'd say he's around five foot now...? It was extremely endearing to also see his clothes be so baggy.















/////////////////////////////////////////////////////i just want some god damn wholesome cuddling